Timothy Sackton: Okay. So
Timothy Sackton: we begin
Timothy Sackton: on the plains of Dunmar as the sun sets. as the 5 of you materialize from the air out of clouds and mist and fog
Timothy Sackton: returned with notes and
Timothy Sackton: books.
Timothy Sackton: and most importantly, the phasing stone that will
Timothy Sackton: hopefully, with some work and effort power. the crashed airship
Timothy Sackton: now dug out and excavated and cleaned and
Timothy Sackton: dried in the day of the sunlight, looking more and more ship-like
Timothy Sackton: it's only been. It's been less than 2 weeks since you emerged from the Fay wild
Timothy Sackton: trapping a gata, and in that time you've managed to cross the plains free. Hog up, Craigar.
Timothy Sackton: bid him farewell as he vanished into the storms and mists to travel, the winds of the world fly to his abandoned palace. confront the
Timothy Sackton: creature of ice and winter that had taken residence up there.
Timothy Sackton: Destroy her, and then make your way through the nightmare realms of Kuromi.
Timothy Sackton: tricking him into
Timothy Sackton: giving you, letting you take the phasing stone.
Timothy Sackton: and then managing to realize you were still dreaming soon enough to wake up before you all dive. Trust bite!
Timothy Sackton: And now you set.
Timothy Sackton: I guess, preparing the evening meal, looking at the task in front of you, as the ship now in the daylight is massive. and the task seems
Timothy Sackton: challenging
Timothy Sackton: the then. Then just start strata. The name of this ship is maybe 250 feet long, fully excavated, maybe 60 feet wide.
Timothy Sackton: with the shape and proportion similar to a long ship much longer than it is wide, and only about 40 or 50 feet tall.
Timothy Sackton: with a prominent prow and stern raising, rising on each end from the flat middle.
Timothy Sackton: Now you can see that the ship is weathered on evenly where the
Timothy Sackton: stern, which where the tower had been worn and misshapen, and the prow much more intact for pertaining it's
Timothy Sackton: almost ship like form. although whatever structures, or storage, or decking or
Timothy Sackton: decorations
Timothy Sackton: that had once mark this
Timothy Sackton: yeah vessel of the giants are now mostly weathered and gone, although
Timothy Sackton: in places you still can see the elegant slate grave assault of the
Timothy Sackton: original step. Yeah, peaking out from the mud and the sediment that has accreted onto it over the millennia since it crashed
Timothy Sackton: with the occasional glint of polished jasper.
Timothy Sackton: shining reddish gray.
Timothy Sackton: And so
Timothy Sackton: you settle in for a meal and a rest before
Timothy Sackton: tackling the problems of getting this ship in the air again.
Timothy Sackton: And as you do
Timothy Sackton: here in camp. Let's briefly have everyone describe their characters very briefly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tim, what does the phasing stone look like? Again, I want to have Speaker.
Timothy Sackton: It's so. It's about the size of your fist. It looks like a sort of grayish, cloudy almost, but with a
Timothy Sackton: it's sort of like almost like polished smoky courts. Right like it's
Timothy Sackton: it's that sort of
Timothy Sackton: sort of grayish white, but with very intricate patterns in that
Eric Rosenbaum: a polished sphere.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. Polished here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well. I I thought you were about to go, but i'm still thinking, Go ahead.
Mike Sackton: So wait. We're
Mike Sackton: sorry. I forgot what you just said about where we are. We're back at the camp.
Mike Sackton: We're back at the airship right? Yeah, we flew back right.
Mike Sackton: So deal with is
Mike Sackton: kind of pacing.
Mike Sackton: keeping guard, I, you know, keeping a lookout, I guess.
Mike Sackton: you know, dressed
Mike Sackton: dressed in, not really relaxed, but not anxious; right more just, wary, watchful.
Mike Sackton: dressed in his armor again, which is like these
Mike Sackton: scale metal pieces of metal and hot, fastened with hide, and some bright colors painted on it.
Mike Sackton: and with his shield swing over his back, not, you know, defensive like, but
Mike Sackton: you can again, as as as usual, you can see the the eyes of the link. So the shield keeping watch as well.
Mike Sackton: and he has, you know a small.
Mike Sackton: He has a small.
Mike Sackton: sorry, a hard stone on a ring that he's sort of fingering and working a little bit thoughtful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so, hey kens I didn't die, did he? In the last?
Nope.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: He almost died fighting the Ice Maiden, but risen, cast death war on him, and it stopped him from dying.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right? Okay? Yeah. I just remember I I thought tens of had some grievous wound after I forget. Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kenzo Kansas sitting by the fire, but by the reason i'm using them.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, sorry.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kansas, what time of day is it?
Timothy Sackton: Evening.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know, sitting by the fire
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: absent-mindedly staff across his lab, and tends to sort of like kind of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: looking at its staff. And then it
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the stories that he had carved of praulgar's life
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: bond with the staff and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kind of the partially, partially looking and touching the ruins on its staff. And then and then also just
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sitting in presence, and still
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: feeling through Craig's Aura and his presence.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, I think the the ship.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the everything that we've been gone going through the past, you know, kind of stretch of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: really the adventure so connected to Allgar and and and his history his old home.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know. So Kenza is just kind of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: feeling, the lingering energy of his presence, and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and you know, kind of exploring that connection he still has with the storm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who is the tallest member of our party? Is that bill with, or Kenza
Mike Sackton: now
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: by Dallas Aren't else Tall.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Yeah. Probably go with. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So earlier in the evening, seeker had enlisted
Eric Rosenbaum: assistance, handing him a two-foot long
Eric Rosenbaum: iron rod with a button at the end, and asking him to
Eric Rosenbaum: hold it above his head, and then press the button, causing the rod to
Eric Rosenbaum: hang itself immovably in the air.
Eric Rosenbaum: and then a rope ladder to say, oh, can you just hang this on here?
Eric Rosenbaum: And Seeker made sure to set that up a little ways out of the ring of a firelight, and he's now
Eric Rosenbaum: periodically walked over to it. climbed up to several feet into the air above where the vantage point he normally has as as a dwarf, so that he can
Eric Rosenbaum: like a finger and test the air.
Eric Rosenbaum: sniff about.
Eric Rosenbaum: peer off into the horizon.
Eric Rosenbaum: looking at the cloud formations
Eric Rosenbaum: of him, I think, and puffing to himself a bit. Then climbing back down
Eric Rosenbaum: where he, since the fire, contemplating this
Eric Rosenbaum: seemingly small and insubstantial spherical object that
Eric Rosenbaum: hold so much importance.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Wellbe is
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): simultaneously tending to back, stir, and
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): taking off his tack and armor and stuff, and
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): finding that handful of food to feed them.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and also, like simultaneously, just not letting anything pass. So if you looked closely you'd see his attention dart to a spec in the horizon, which is a distance soaring hawk, or to a
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the sound before it's even visible, of a rabbit moving behind, scrub off in the distance.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): or a fly that crosses his field division, and he pauses and things for a minute reaches into a pocket.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): wondering if the rules about
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I got to count as dead or not, for the purpose of the giant obsidian transforming fly.
and then
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): letting go, goes back to
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): working with Baxter again.
Eric Rosenbaum: My.
Kate: this one is letting
Kate: her body rests, sitting still from all that climbing of giant steps, and getting frostbitten and frozen, and
Kate: looking forward to a rest. But her mind is going. thinking about. working with seeker to
Kate: reshape the ship and stone, and in
Kate: tinkering. And so
yes.
Kate: it's a it's a
Kate: It'll be an interesting challenge to counterbalance all the physical
Kate: of everyday life.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you settle in.
Timothy Sackton: presumably want to get some rest.
Timothy Sackton: you did return with
Timothy Sackton: lots of notes that seeker and Del with.
Timothy Sackton: and Rizwin helped to well deal with translated. But you all kind of helped to
Timothy Sackton: take from the from the
Timothy Sackton: from Hugo's library, and this explains exactly what you need to do in order to
Timothy Sackton: properly mountain a tune, the phasing stone to the airship to allow it to be controlled, and then to fly.
Timothy Sackton: and there's 3 components to this construction.
Timothy Sackton: so that that phasing stone itself needs to be
Timothy Sackton: attached into a harness into a a mounting
Timothy Sackton: that must be made. There's an intricate design that you that you copied
Timothy Sackton: from the from the library pillar, and that this harness must be made out of some something like adamantine, some magically inert housing.
Timothy Sackton: The harness, then, must be connected to a channeling apparatus, a magical focus to amplify the power of the phasing stone.
Timothy Sackton: and this also has a complex design made of gold and silver.
Timothy Sackton: crying a substantial amount of each. Maybe it's hard to tell exactly, but pounds.
Timothy Sackton: and then that is centered around. There must be a gemstone focus, some perfectly cut.
Timothy Sackton: It seems like it didn't matter exactly what the gemstone was. As long as it is a
Timothy Sackton: extremely
Timothy Sackton: a flawless.
Timothy Sackton: a flawless gem.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: And then this channeling apparatus has to be mounted on a helm of stolid stone
Timothy Sackton: that has to be.
Timothy Sackton: It has to match the material of the ship itself, because this is what the magic is going to transmute into
Timothy Sackton: altering the physics of of this material.
Timothy Sackton: So in this case the helm itself has to be constructed of this of a solid stone to match the stone of the air. She
Eric Rosenbaum: that our work cut out for us
Eric Rosenbaum: feel like we had a enormous.
Eric Rosenbaum: perfectly cut gemstone that we saw we were like. Why would we ever need that?
Eric Rosenbaum: That's worth a lot of money. We just sell that, or did we? We, I think we have some gemstones that we did not sell
Mike Sackton: should look at our party treasure. I haven't looked at that in a while.
Eric Rosenbaum: Spend some time digging around the port of a whole.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think. Gosh, we use this squeeze. That is, that gold seems like golds. How do you find out Something's gold? Oh, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Already Treasure
Kate: weighing our golden silver.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the link in Chat
Eric Rosenbaum: second.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): to put the link in chat like. Oh, nice thanks. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: We have a diamond of beautiful quality and cut carried by Akada.
Eric Rosenbaum: Very interesting.
Timothy Sackton: Here's the This should be the same as the as the website, but editable.
Eric Rosenbaum: So a perfect emerald hung on a silver chain.
Mike Sackton: It's an extraordinary. We have a lot of potentially good.
Eric Rosenbaum: So there's a section called, destroyed or used. I assume that means we still have it. The block of that you
Timothy Sackton: Oh, that was turned into Dallas shield, which you still have.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh. but working adamantine is not so easy. Probably
Timothy Sackton: it's not easy.
Timothy Sackton: It's. but it's not. I mean
Timothy Sackton: what was his name? Jasu
Timothy Sackton: Joseph Smith in Kara was able to
Timothy Sackton: construct a shield out of
Timothy Sackton: you know, out of it. So it's not like it's
Timothy Sackton: It's not like You need to be some like, you know. Master Smith, who'd studied for decades in order to even touch up right.
Timothy Sackton: It would probably require a forge right like you need some.
Timothy Sackton: You you can't just use a campfire.
Kate: or could we use fabricate?
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know what it is fabricate? Do it shapes any material into the thing that you want to make?
Timothy Sackton: It seems like Yes, you could. Then.
Timothy Sackton: about
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: Let me let me look at this now.
Kate: if it was in a ten-foot cube
Kate: or 8 connected 5 foot cubes.
Kate: Oh, no, it has to be medium if it's metal.
Timothy Sackton: is it what it's? Fourth Level?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I forgot. I've got a cloak of the minor a sweet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well.
Eric Rosenbaum: this this new shield seems to be replacing your your older one. You think we might be able to repurpose it.
Mike Sackton: It could be useful. Yes. I don't know how much.
Mike Sackton: An Edmonton at Mantium you can take from it right. It's been.
Mike Sackton: It's been.
Mike Sackton: It's been, you know. updated to
Mike Sackton: It's it's been worked pretty heavily, right? But we can I mean
Mike Sackton: Brisbane might have an idea, right.
Eric Rosenbaum: It sounds like the amount we need to make is relatively small.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean might have an idea of how to work it at some level.
Kate: Yeah, I mean, it seems similar to working. Given the fact that I have skills with
Kate: all the sorts of tools that would
Kate: craft it by non-magical means. I think that I could craft it
Kate: my magical. Means. Given that I don't have my home forge from
Mike Sackton: right?
Kate: Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well.
Eric Rosenbaum: it seems like we should start there.
Eric Rosenbaum: The Adamantine Mount. then
Eric Rosenbaum: it's gold or silver
Eric Rosenbaum: is the harness. And then
Eric Rosenbaum: what was the other part. There was a lot of complicated.
Timothy Sackton: There's 3 parts. There's a
Timothy Sackton: adamantine mount. There is a gold and silver
Timothy Sackton: channeling device that
Timothy Sackton: wraps around a gemstone, and then there's the stonehound
Eric Rosenbaum: of the stone at home.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, right!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We have a gigantic amount of gold and silver that that's not an issue, probably, but the helm
Kate: well, I mean it's the ship is made out of stone. We just need to shape
Kate: some internal part of the ship to be the helm that holds it.
Mike Sackton: I don't think we need to go find another rock of the same material, and like, if, if we need more adamantine, we can also go back to Ravens.
Mike Sackton: It's not far away. That's true. Not far right.
Eric Rosenbaum: and there's no
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean
Mike Sackton: there's no demon there. There's that
Mike Sackton: strange
Mike Sackton: dwarf like a creature right?
Mike Sackton: But we're very changed from when we were last there.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's true.
Eric Rosenbaum: We could. We could pursue the mind fliers on the side quest. That's what I was gonna say.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: because there was that still that statue there's that that statue that that in an armored that armored dude that we did. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hey? Sorry. So just just for the so that this the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the stone helm is connected to the what?
Timothy Sackton: So there's 3 pieces phasing stone fits into this adamantine
Timothy Sackton: bracket.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, which is then connected to this golden silver channeling device, wrapped around a gemstone which then rests on a stone helm
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Stone helms connected to the gemstone gemstones connected to the swirling thing. Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's for only things connected to the facing stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we might have everything we need materially.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's just the question whether we have the tools to do it where we are. Now. Is that true?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We have made hands.
Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: So riz. What? What do you need to work this adamantine from
Eric Rosenbaum: Della's former shield?
Kate: Clear image of what I want to make, and some time to cast some spells.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well
Timothy Sackton: do, is the information we have in the form of diagrams, or is it descriptions only
Timothy Sackton: like a wiring chart of how the pieces connect
it's just a question of I mean, these are intricate, so it's not
Eric Rosenbaum: necessarily trivial to construct
Kate: my pinkering and little fiddly bits of armor building tools and things like that would be what I would use if I were
Kate: doing it manually, plus forging equipment.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then is there a way to test out that you've attached the phasing stone to the
Eric Rosenbaum: mount correctly. Before the larger
Timothy Sackton: you would tune to the stone, and you see if you can make the ship flipped off.
Eric Rosenbaum: but without the harness and helm
Eric Rosenbaum: is what I'm saying. Test about it. No, there's no way to test each part individually
Timothy Sackton: other than just looking at it, and trying to guess whether it you know
Timothy Sackton: it seems like it's correct.
Eric Rosenbaum: What could possibly go wrong? Well, let's let's try to assemble this adamantine mount first, then.
Mike Sackton: I mean, do we have? I guess we don't know if we have enough at a maintain it
Timothy Sackton: Right? This is that's fairly small. It just props. I mean the phasing stone is only the size of your fast.
Eric Rosenbaum: and it just wraps around. It is like a bracket that holds it.
Timothy Sackton: The golden silver thing that channels the
Timothy Sackton: that channels the
Timothy Sackton: the gemstone has to like, wrap around the entire stone helm. So that's large.
Eric Rosenbaum: right? But we probably have enough material for that, too.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you've got You've probably got a £100 of gold in your port of hole. At least you might have a £1,000 of golden I mean you shoveled an entire dragon forward into there, so
Timothy Sackton: I don't think I don't think material is going to be a shortage there.
Eric Rosenbaum: So let's try it.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Kate: I mean, are we waiting for something? That is it? Afternoon?
Timothy Sackton: It's night, late afternoon and evening.
Kate: Right? Well.
Kate: I prefer light to do my crafting, and, like I said.
Kate: nearly froze to death today. So how about a long rest? And then we do this
Eric Rosenbaum: Sure, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: In the in the meantime
Eric Rosenbaum: Seeker starts sort of digging some coinage out of the portable hole. trying to assess like, how much is that like? Get a sense by weight of what's going to be required to do the fabrication at that step.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, probably like. you know. a few big handfuls, you know, a 1,500 gold coins. A 1,000. Probably it'll be enough.
Timothy Sackton: I mean it's not. It's like a it's like a wire structure that wraps like this right? So it's not like hundreds of pounds of gold.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's the weather? Where right now? It's clear and sunny.
Timothy Sackton: It's like you. Whispy cloud sort of it's pretty hot, I mean it's it's.
Timothy Sackton: you know it's it's not the height of the dry season, so you know.
Timothy Sackton: and you were, and this area had been drenched in rain. But there's like some steam like there's puddles of water that have evaporated it's kind of a bit humid and muggy.
Timothy Sackton: It it feels like there was a thunderstorm this afternoon like it has that. You know the air is a bit thick.
Timothy Sackton: It's hot.
Kate: Is it sunny and hot, or has the sunset? I need to know. The sun has a flight. It's it's evening. It's like golden hour. It's like the last hour of daylight.
Kate: All right. Well, then, maybe I could craft the Admin. But before I go to bed, not keep everybody waiting.
Eric Rosenbaum: You want to give it a try.
Kate: I mean, I think, that risk when and
Kate: seeker have been
Kate: pouring over these diagrams and talking about, You know, I think it looks.
Kate: You know we want one of these with the with one of those.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Kate: all right. Well, if deal with has the adamantine shield to contribute to the cause.
Kate: person will
Kate: say some prayers, the gods, and then and
Kate: focus on the the the spell
Kate: very good, and she uses her hands like she's working with tools, but just in the air.
Kate: as she is.
Kate: you know, not touching the material per se.
Kate: but making the
Kate: adamantine reshape into the form of the bracket. as as was illustrated.
Kate: and in so in the instructions.
Timothy Sackton: make make a
Timothy Sackton: spell, make out wisdom, check with proficiency. So just roll a d 20 plus 9,
Kate: the
Timothy Sackton: so that's
Kate: 1313.
Timothy Sackton: You start to like you start to shape it, and you begin.
Timothy Sackton: You begin like the the the metal sort of peels off of this shield, and begins to
Timothy Sackton: swirl as rizwin begins to shape it, and you you feel like it sort of catches a little bit like you've got enough. but it's just hard to get it quite into the right
Timothy Sackton: shape. It's not quite forming up the way you want it to.
Kate: Alright, so take a look at it, and
Kate: I am not satisfied.
Kate: And so I
Kate: take a break stack on something. enjoy the the sun, and then I settle down and say it prayer and do my casting again.
Eric Rosenbaum: and I and I've noticed that
Eric Rosenbaum: this is the second attempt.
Eric Rosenbaum: and get ready to add some
Eric Rosenbaum: runic inspiration if needed. All right, Guy.
Timothy Sackton: Another tech same same role, one d 20 plus 9,
Timothy Sackton: so that's 18. It's it, it looks. It's like you. You start to shape it as like almost right, and
Timothy Sackton: seeker
Timothy Sackton: notices that this is not quite right. And so what's your
Timothy Sackton: What's your inspiration? Die
Eric Rosenbaum: E: 10 isn't it. Okay, so roll a roll 2, d, 10, and take the higher.
Timothy Sackton: Somebody to get a roll.
Kate: The seeker was gonna roll. Oh, that's usually the
Kate: oh, sure, sorry! No problem. I was just unclear of that. Who was his role
Kate: to d 10 and take the higher.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why is it, too, Tim?
Timothy Sackton: Because that's your when it When you remember each municipality gets a bonus. So if you do. skill checks it's a take the higher.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Kate: I rolled a 10 and then 2. Yeah. So i'll take the 10
Timothy Sackton: if it's
Timothy Sackton: if it's saving, throw as it's temporary hit points, and if its attack rolls it's damage.
Kate: Got it. So that's 28.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, yeah, so that's seeker notices that it's a little bit too small, and you know, gives you a little bit of inspiration in it. You like just manage to pull it apart just big enough
Timothy Sackton: so that the phasing stone fits perfectly into this adamantine bracket it.
Timothy Sackton: as far as you can tell it looks correct. It looks.
Timothy Sackton: It fits nicely and smoothly. The shape look exactly as it was depicted.
Timothy Sackton: This, this bracket part at least, seems to be complete.
Eric Rosenbaum: I am spend a minute with the phasing stone. Now that it's in the bracket.
Eric Rosenbaum: Have I
Eric Rosenbaum: had any kind of?
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know
Eric Rosenbaum: sense of the dream energy coming off the facing stone.
Timothy Sackton: You've got to attune to it.
Eric Rosenbaum: and I have not done that yet.
Timothy Sackton: No, you have to on a tune from one of your other items. You're a to 3 items.
Eric Rosenbaum: I did not realize that?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How many can you be a tune to at a time?
Timothy Sackton: 3 total
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait. Where is that listed?
Timothy Sackton: That's the very bottom of your inventory? You've got pro of power
Eric Rosenbaum: bring up the word in mind and global crystal as not just can't remember. Last time I used pearl power
Timothy Sackton: sort of not as good in
Timothy Sackton: it only gives you up to a third level slot. So it sort of falls off and use this at this point in the
Eric Rosenbaum: going with a larger magical, spherical object. Exactly.
Mike Sackton: He
Eric Rosenbaum: should. I attune
Eric Rosenbaum: to the facing stone. Now
Eric Rosenbaum: there's no
Eric Rosenbaum: well
Eric Rosenbaum: now, my connection to this stone and this ship of ours
Eric Rosenbaum: against.
Timothy Sackton: so it takes some time to to to a tune to it.
Timothy Sackton: as you. I, I assume you know, go with is making dinner, or something like that the fun as you attune to it, and you can. You can feel
Timothy Sackton: there's almost like this magnetic pull
Timothy Sackton: pulling you towards the ship
Timothy Sackton: from the from the stone as you as you as you attend to it. It's like It's like it want it's almost it's. It almost feels like it's dragging you towards the ship like it's trying to.
Timothy Sackton: It's almost like you're holding a magnet that's like pulling you that way.
Timothy Sackton: and you can.
Timothy Sackton: You can sort of see when you when you look. When you look at this, when you look at the ship as it's sort of pulling you there, you can
Timothy Sackton: can almost imagine how
Timothy Sackton: this would work right you can. You have this feeling of
Timothy Sackton: It's not exactly lightness, but just just otherness, as if as if
Timothy Sackton: this stone and clouds are the same
Timothy Sackton: thing to you now.
Eric Rosenbaum: just like we just take a thought
Timothy Sackton: to make this into a cloud
Timothy Sackton: or like a cloud.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a strange feeling.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it is strange
Eric Rosenbaum: I resist the impulse, for now.
Timothy Sackton: given that we have not built the guidance system right? I mean, as far as you know, I wouldn't do anything if you tried to do it now, because of nothing to focus the energy into the
Timothy Sackton: into the like hole
Eric Rosenbaum: body of the ship itself, right
Timothy Sackton: when you have this feeling that's sort of pulling you in that direction.
Eric Rosenbaum: So there is some pre-existing connection between this phasing stone and this stone ship.
Timothy Sackton: whether it's whether it's this basing stone or just
Timothy Sackton: giant technology. Finding other giant technology is a little bit hard for you to tell.
Eric Rosenbaum: Resume. I think we've we've taken the first step successfully.
Eric Rosenbaum: It seems that we should build the second part.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. Gold and silver channeling device for the magical energy.
Timothy Sackton: So the
Timothy Sackton: golden silver thing is like a complicated, intricate wire that wraps around the helm.
Timothy Sackton: So it
Timothy Sackton: seems it's probably easier to construct it. Once the stone helm already exists, you can maybe do it. Parts of it
Timothy Sackton: you just like, make the part that wraps around the the gemstone and holds the bracket in advance, or something
that.
Eric Rosenbaum: and perhaps we should investigate the deck of the ship a little bit more than we have in the past.
Kate: Yeah, just to see what's there to work with.
Eric Rosenbaum: We can walk up to it from the ground. Right? Oh, yeah, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So the the ship is.
Timothy Sackton: So it's strange, because the a lot of the prow was underground, and had been, and was excavated by
Timothy Sackton: Craigar. and that is mostly like like once the dirt has been cleaned off. you know it's it's much more intact like you can see it's not
Timothy Sackton: none of the sort of inlay or decorations, or anything that was probably once. Here are. if you
Timothy Sackton: are still there, but it's the you know, has crisp lines. It's, it's sharp. It's not particularly weathered.
Timothy Sackton: whereas the stern, which was jutting up into the sky, is all sort of chipped and marred, and it seems like
Timothy Sackton: there's just, you know.
Timothy Sackton: You know the people built a tower on top of it right? There's like it, you know. Stuff has been added to it. It's been the rubble of the tower has sort of collapsed around it.
Timothy Sackton: partner.
Timothy Sackton: but the deck itself, like there clearly once was a deck
Timothy Sackton: of some sort with some. Probably not. It's not deep enough. It's only about 40 50 feet tall, so a giant standing on the deck would have.
Timothy Sackton: you know there wouldn't be there. There wasn't there's not a room for a
Timothy Sackton: for a below decks that's anything more than just storage right this from the point of view of giants. This is an open-decked ship.
Timothy Sackton: but there was clearly like planking or or sorry stone decking. and beneath that stone decking there was
Timothy Sackton: storage or something, but this has all collapsed, and there's sort of
Timothy Sackton: you know, just loose rubble and and stuff that's filling the interior of the ship now
Eric Rosenbaum: some some partially intact pieces of this
Timothy Sackton: of this deck, but lots of
Timothy Sackton: it's a little late for him.
Timothy Sackton: but there's lots of I mean. There's lots of rubble right there's lots of loose loose. like big chunks, you know.
Timothy Sackton: dwarf-sized chunks of stone that are kind of cracked and shattered and
Timothy Sackton: and broken, and
Timothy Sackton: I mean to make this a a fancy ship that had, like a comfortable rooms and stuff, would take it a lot of work.
Timothy Sackton: But there's clearly material to work with here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What are the dimensions?
Timothy Sackton: So it's about 250 feet long.
Timothy Sackton: about 60 to 70 feet wide. and about 40 to 50 feet. top to bottom.
Timothy Sackton: So it has this sort of long ship, like shape like it's much longer than it is. Wide.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wall of stone can make permanent structures.
Eric Rosenbaum: so I could do the equivalent of.
Eric Rosenbaum: you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: putting the new siding over the old.
Eric Rosenbaum: as is sometimes done on houses.
Eric Rosenbaum: and since I had a a beautiful smooth floor over the water.
Eric Rosenbaum: even if we need a floor that's somewhat higher than the giants had just to be able to see out
Eric Rosenbaum: over the top of the ship.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah, and you could use it. We could construct multiple levels like if it's 40 feet deep. That's
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, that's like 4 stories. I mean. It gets narrower as it goes that it has like a sort of
Timothy Sackton: routed shape, right? But certainly you could get 2 or 3 good stories in there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Look, I mean from my perspective.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We're not in a rush right like what? What's going on right now, other than some garage stuff, and so like. Why not just like spend a couple of months and just turn this into like, you know. Super super just, you know
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: most of. I'm sure. Yes, skyship
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): right, because the library and the map room and the
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like. We. This thing is huge.
Kate: Ever seeker, and I have some upper level spell slots left. We can do little stone working, but
Kate: in the I can remember have it
Eric Rosenbaum: continuous stone structures, but not finely detailed ones that are permanent. I also don't know that I can make holes in existing stone structures.
Kate: I can learn a spell called Stone Shape if I go to sleep. And
Eric Rosenbaum: hmm.
Timothy Sackton: You also have like hammers and masonry tools. You can bash holes and things I don't know if seekers strong enough to bashful.
Timothy Sackton: There is one can certainly passionate.
Kate: I'm happy to do a combination of physical pickaxe wielding and
Kate: sleeping and spell, casting and sleeping, and
Eric Rosenbaum: everybody think about it a little bit like what kind of
Eric Rosenbaum: into your cabin space would best suit you, and any that you'd like to travel with us.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, we gotta get a good kitchen here.
Where are we going to keep the with.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know? I'm talking about? Oh, my!
Mike Sackton: Where are we going to keep the with that like we?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's it all right. This is our new adventure, a giant dungeon full of like interesting like, you know, creatures that we we like. You know that are there are pets
Eric Rosenbaum: Also, we gotta make the like extensible, the like the little
Eric Rosenbaum: grat mirror mount arm that comes out the front of the ship. So anybody in front of it. We can just suck up into the mirror.
Eric Rosenbaum: We should build a mirror
Eric Rosenbaum: definitely need the mirror room
Eric Rosenbaum: and then the fake mirror room before you get to that room. It's got me your head.
Timothy Sackton: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, this is where dungeons come from. Right? Is a high-level adventurers stocking their houses.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So true. Yeah, can we make it with our trapping mirror.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: where, like on the on the front of the ship, like with a series of other mirrors that we can actually just, you know. So it's like if we get.
Eric Rosenbaum: If there's like aerial attacks, we can just like, direct the mirror and like trap things, you know. Oh, yeah, you You could except one well placed rock, and it's all gone. That's true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But what if we have like a a lens like a just a protecting thing, and like a force field in front of it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, no, you just have other mirrors. So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: exactly, yeah, the real mirror is like deep inside the thing, and it's just an array of mirrors that it's this that i'm saying, my mirrors work if you see them via reflected light
Mike Sackton: right like
Mike Sackton: we we set up a contest. See? When you haven't experienced you Haven't experimented
that.
Timothy Sackton: you know we're just gonna catch grush and keep him in the ship.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, what other? What other?
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean? We're going to need. There's going to be a lot of rubble inside the ship unless we clear that out. Also.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, i'd love. I think space space for Baxter to run around would be great.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): or for them better, or maybe
Eric Rosenbaum: to run in
Mike Sackton: power. The lights.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And and we we have a banquet hall, probably. So we can have guests
Eric Rosenbaum: that we can extend, so that people with, you know, mounted on horsebacks, or all processions can come and visit us when we're visiting, like other like kingdoms, so that the royal
Eric Rosenbaum: session can come visit on the on the deck. You're not getting the scepter of command.
Eric Rosenbaum: and then we just close the and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's there's like a starlak PIN, right like like like yeah, like a monster that's in the the the You know what I mean that we've like to open up, and
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, we will chain the river into the deck so that it can, you know, fly around a little bit and intimidate people.
Eric Rosenbaum: We have a living in the we. We literally have one in the mirror right? We do literally. Yes, we do. We have a we have a and a poison troll and a high level hop. Goblin mage.
Eric Rosenbaum: boys, and troll is a little bit more troublesome.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why, don't we just drop the poison troll and garage right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It'll become friends.
Mike Sackton: maybe. Drop it on cosmos.
Mike Sackton: Then come in after the poison Troll has weakened him up and take him out
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that that's that's actually a pretty legitimate plan. I like that
Eric Rosenbaum: doing a lot of like, okay, let's fly over this thing and drop stuff on it and then
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): see what happens. Well, actually, I mean aerial bombardment. We've got all that rubble in the lower level. We just need some doors with hinges.
Timothy Sackton: You're hired. So 2 years later we're done with our ship Tagars, and ruined we haven't even
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: here, indeed, that it can lift itself up out of the ground yet. So No; but I getting a little. I think I think that's 10 million percent correct, like we have to like, we're going to be Fl. We're going to be able to rain like rock, rock and fire hell on to like garage's, enemies like from above.
Mike Sackton: That's right in my garage, not crashes enemies.
Timothy Sackton: Aren't. You grash's, enemies.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who side are you on? Yeah, wait a minute. We we really we really do need to leverage our Air Force capabilities. We really do
Eric Rosenbaum: seeker. Starting to these ghostly schematics, appear in the air sort of outline shapes of the existing structure we know of, and then, like
Eric Rosenbaum: spiral staircase here.
Eric Rosenbaum: you know the the sequence of different pools of different temperatures
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): in the back there the Baxter area the dining hall are we? Are we having like hot ice like bats like place for it, like sauna and like you know ice-cold things just for
Eric Rosenbaum: definitely some ice storage in the back?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is everything made out of stone like? Are we making stuff a stone? Is that what we're doing? Like to like craft, the ship, the interior of the ship
Kate: or gold, apparently what we have at hand.
Eric Rosenbaum: and the straightforward thing that would be essentially continuous with the architectural tradition from which it emerged would be to make things out of
Eric Rosenbaum: similar
Eric Rosenbaum: types of stone, Although what does wall of stone actually create? I don't know if I can create Jasper with it, maybe I can tinker with my Probably not, Jasper, but
Timothy Sackton: which is more of a you know, a
Timothy Sackton: mineral that's currently the sol you can make.
Eric Rosenbaum: But what what is the body of the ship made of? Aside from the jasper
Timothy Sackton: it's the ship itself is mostly made of, but of grave assault, and then it has, like jasper highlights, like demolished in a few places. It's. It's like the the
Timothy Sackton: the remnants of decorations, or something like. There used to be art.
Timothy Sackton: you know, deck like almost like frescoes, or something in the sides, out of Jasper and other other minerals. But that's mostly gone. And now those
Timothy Sackton: flax of that left on this mostly sort of elegant.
Timothy Sackton: It's late.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll spend some time floating around on the ladder trying to chip away at those to see if I can gather any clues about what they represented.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: now, getting dark.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not this is the most important to do right now. But
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah, why not?
And
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): she me, like we have so much
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): golden, so like we could cover the entire hull and silver like we could.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We can make the entire interior like
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it. Could. We can do all sorts of food.
Okay. reckless things.
Kate: Yeah, I mean, take take the clue from the like
stone pillar
Kate: twisted around with golden silver magical wires, and just
Kate: add some echoes of that in our other design. Elements. Just
Eric Rosenbaum: cover the whole ship with that sort of wiring.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I mean, you've got You've got, you know, several £1,000 of silver
Eric Rosenbaum: in your part of a whole. We may want to consider
Eric Rosenbaum: how to put this
Eric Rosenbaum: certain deep sea fish that I've rid of that emit light from their underside, so that predators from below
Eric Rosenbaum: mistake that light from that coming from above.
Eric Rosenbaum: What if there's a way that the ship itself could emit light below it.
Eric Rosenbaum: or some other way to camouflage against the sky.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): even just to paint the underside of it white.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): whitish blue. Or.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah. or maybe it could just look like a cloud.
Eric Rosenbaum: After all. it's powered by dreams. Who knows what what it can do. We shouldn't get out ourselves here. I suppose
Kate: we could, instead of using paint. We could just tell it. To look like a cloud is what you're saying.
Eric Rosenbaum: I hold up the phasing stone now encased in its mount. We really don't know what this thing makes possible.
Eric Rosenbaum: but we should get on with it, I think.
Kate: at first light.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes. so do do I read anything into those jasper decorations.
Timothy Sackton: So remember you also have Bragar, the book of
Timothy Sackton: his notes on the history of this ship.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I did not time to eat that while I was a cloud, I guess.
Timothy Sackton: No, you didn't have time to. Nobody had time to read that it's written in Giant, but done with completely. So it it. Your sense of these.
Timothy Sackton: the the pattern of these stones is really
Timothy Sackton: purely decorative, like You see some bits that are that look like they're almost shaped like they're used to be sort of an image of a mountain with mountain range with clouds on top.
Timothy Sackton: the the remnants of perhaps the face of a giant that's mostly flecked off. But there's like one eye and a little bit of the side of the face.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean
Timothy Sackton: they they they seem to have been.
Timothy Sackton: They seem to have been just
Timothy Sackton: just decorative motifs.
and
Timothy Sackton: you know the little that you skimmed of of
Timothy Sackton: of Frog's book that that God with translated before you know, everybody goes to that is is really, you know it's this was not some grand.
Timothy Sackton: you know, worship of the giants or any kind of you know this is relatively small for a giant skyship right? I mean they. The storm giants in the back in the day had
Timothy Sackton: had ships the size of mountains that were 10 times bigger than this, that 100 giants would would ride to war on. And this is like, you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: we gotta get one of those. But yeah.
Timothy Sackton: this is like, you know, a giant family's spraying vessel, or something like that. Right like it's it's much more modest, and
Timothy Sackton: that's that's a lot of at least from the the I mean over
Timothy Sackton: the course of days. As you read more and translate more, you can learn more. But
Timothy Sackton: it seemed like a lot of frogs. Early notes on this ship were just.
Timothy Sackton: You know it doesn't it didn't. It's not a it doesn't have it's not a famous step, right? It's not. It's not you know
Eric Rosenbaum: Vindrich Sharna is not like a a name that's
Timothy Sackton: tossed down, and giant lore of it because it was, you know, a whole bunch of giants rode to battle against the Dragon Army
Timothy Sackton: in you know.
Timothy Sackton: this giant
Timothy Sackton: airship the size of a mountain right? This is like. So he was trying to figure out, like
Timothy Sackton: you know who own that, and why you know
Timothy Sackton: who who flew this ship, and what were they doing. You know? Were they trading with the Ls where they
Timothy Sackton: did it. When did it Even crash? Did it crashed before.
Timothy Sackton: you know, after the Alice came, or before the elves even came?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do we know the circumstances of it's crashing again
Timothy Sackton: now. Possibly it's hidden somewhere, and Pragar's book. But
Timothy Sackton: I mean Harlow's book is not straightforward to read right because it's the size of seeker
Eric Rosenbaum: Red.
Timothy Sackton: and you know, all right. requires a fair bit of effort to like. Turn the pages and translate them and go back and forth so
Timothy Sackton: so far, anyway. Just the first little section you've just got the sense that this was.
Timothy Sackton: you know, despite it looming large in the later history of the of these planes in the time of the
Timothy Sackton: giants. This was
Timothy Sackton: this was almost, you know, an afterthought, right? Nobody wrote epic poems about.
Timothy Sackton: and your charm. Oh, but they shall. Now maybe they will.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm. Just coming around to the fact that the word helm in this context is actually like a ship's wheel. Is that true?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. Yeah, yeah, not
Timothy Sackton: not. It's not like a helm. You put on your head Helmet? Yeah. No, it's actually it's a it's it doesn't necessarily need to turn right. But
Timothy Sackton: but yeah, it's like it's like a big lock of stone that all of the stuff can wrap around, and that.
Timothy Sackton: as far as you know you don't you don't you can
Timothy Sackton: fly the ship with your mind once it's all connected in your tune to the phases.
Timothy Sackton: It just needs to be wired up properly. And
Timothy Sackton: yes. helm
Timothy Sackton: construction. It's like the control panel.
Kate: Basically yeah. So the console on the helm of a starship.
Eric Rosenbaum: Exactly.
Timothy Sackton: Amazing. Well, you guys. Well, you guys are all doing this. It like Steve is that is the ship literally like, Look like it's like the kind of in the ground like that. Yeah, yeah, it's stuck in the ground. I mean, it's dug out it's dug out a little bit more. I couldn't quite get mid journey to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dig out the grass around the sides of the ship. But yeah, it basically looks like that. It's remarkable. So is basically like running up and down like the side like the edge of the ship.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and like jumping off
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like he he's, he's he's he he he he wants to practice flying. Basically so he's just like kind of running up and getting a feel for
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: run up the sides of the like kind of all the different cracks and crevices, and was like leaping off of it.
Eric Rosenbaum: raising the question of what mechanisms will have to quickly get down to the ground and back up without landing, if we need to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe we need a system of pulleys and
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): letters.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whatever design we do in the ship ladders everywhere.
Mike Sackton: letters and mirrors, ladders and mirrors.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's our that's our style. I love it
Timothy Sackton: So you go to sleep. everybody take a long rest. so that your spouse, should you need to
Timothy Sackton: wake up in the morning
Timothy Sackton: and begin to work.
Eric Rosenbaum: So now.
Eric Rosenbaum: maybe while Rizwin works the
Eric Rosenbaum: gold and silver, I can try to begin crafting a helm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do I have a way to make a home. Hmm. That might be a ris one as well
Eric Rosenbaum: What we do without prison.
Eric Rosenbaum: because I don't think I can.
Eric Rosenbaum: Finally came permanently. Craft
Eric Rosenbaum: a stone wheel I mean
Timothy Sackton: wall of stone could certainly make something that you could then shape with.
Timothy Sackton: You know, non-magical tools. I mean we could make a big block right that it would, you could easily make the requisite size of stone in the place. You wanted it
Timothy Sackton: with volunteering
Eric Rosenbaum: right. They would then just be a question of having to then shape whatever
Timothy Sackton: sort of.
Timothy Sackton: because you can't make fine details with wildstone you'd have to like. Get out your masonry tools and like tap around to shape the stone.
Kate: Yeah, I think that we'll just sort of take turns making the helm and various other stone structures of the interior of the ship
Kate: with wallowstone and stone shape.
Kate: Just whoever is yeah casting, and then we'll polish them up with our dwarven skills with stone.
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: that's not that difficult that you can, both between stone, shape and wall of stellar. You You can.
Timothy Sackton: I mean. Obviously you could spend months, or you could spend days depending on how elaborate you want it to be.
Timothy Sackton: You don't, you know
Timothy Sackton: that's up to you.
Kate: I mean, i'm serious about like if I have the Fourth Level Spell slots left at the end of the day. You can work around that. You can spell the ship as you fly it to. But but the the channeling apparatus is gold and and silver just on. I guess you gotta get the help finished first.
Timothy Sackton: So the helm that's probably going to take, you know.
Timothy Sackton: between casting and and shaping and tapping and casting.
Timothy Sackton: You know that that that could probably take you the day to get that sort of nicely constructed.
Timothy Sackton: I would say.
Timothy Sackton: but that's that's relatively within the capabilities of of your spell. It doesn't require a check.
Timothy Sackton: So the day passes.
Kate: What you think would be faster.
maybe just the morning.
Timothy Sackton: I guess with stone shape.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna do some scrying while this is all going on as an aside.
Eric Rosenbaum: That seems wise.
Timothy Sackton: What
Timothy Sackton: I need to. I need to look. I mean, how much fine control does done Shape give you
Kate: not a lot of so. But it says I can make a door with hinges, but I can't like make very intricate mechanisms
Eric Rosenbaum: a door with interest. Isn't that
Timothy Sackton: I guess I was thinking that it would that
Timothy Sackton: it would require. It would also require a few castings of this, because each one can only affect a 5 foot square. So like you.
Kate: How big is this thing.
Kate: I guess the thing it's I mean, we've got it. I mean, it could be 5. It could be 4 feet by
Kate: right, you know. Yeah.
Kate: I guess that' be something. The bigger we make it, the more time we got to spend wrapping gold and silver around it, so as long as it's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there a Tim? Is there a good place for Google, Doc or Wikipedia, where we can like like kind of it? It'd be cool for us to like just Co.
Timothy Sackton: like just real times, all of us. Just add shit that we think would be fucking cool to put it. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think we all just like design it right now, you know, just like we'd have a a diagram of it
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: totally. That's i'm saying there's like a mirror board or a way to draw like, I think text for now is fine, too. But you know what I mean does
Mike Sackton: does zoom not have a whiteboard.
Eric Rosenbaum: It has a whiteboard, but it's something that it's not that good. The zoom whiteboard is kind of terrible. We just do a Google Doc for now, or or is there all all? I'll put a Google Doc in the
Timothy Sackton: in the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: because you know it's like like i'm imagining there's all kinds of like like. Imagine like that, because we definitely need aerial bombardment. We place to read the shove like fucking like hot oil, and like boulders and all kinds of shit to like, you know, down on it. It needs to be like a ramp of some kind in the front or back to like, you know
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you for our peace ship, you mean, I think, to have to have to have a bridge like I'm. I'm thinking of like Star Wars stores, how there's that elevated
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like we should put the helm up there, so we can see where we're going while we're flying the thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: But not be too.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right. Let's fucking. Do this
Eric Rosenbaum: before we dive into that could be
Eric Rosenbaum: the ship itself
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to the mirror. Oh, yeah, Great idea! Yes, yes, yes, thank you, Eric, because we should keep reading this book, but we can also find out specifically how it crashed if we want to.
Timothy Sackton: how many, what.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: how many floors does this have?
Timothy Sackton: Well, right now it has like 30 feet full of rubble.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, so we we need to extract some rubble to, probably, and also like who knows what's in there? So we might need to like sort of sort through it a little bit.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, yeah, Well, we can spend some time in in case there's anything dangerous, too, but you use them. You're gonna have to wait a week. Use the mirror to look at
Timothy Sackton: a book that in kinder on of the omnis of the right, but called the ludum.
Timothy Sackton: And that was like last night, basically so or 2 nights ago.
Timothy Sackton: So I mean, unless you manage to lose the ship in the next 5 days. It seems unlikely to
Kate: nobody should make any assumptions. All right. Hold that thought, Seeker. Good one. Cool. Cool.
Timothy Sackton: But yes, okay. So I think
I I think.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you can. You can make a lot of progress on the hell. I mean it's gonna probably take you the morning just to like.
Kate: get a solid place to even put down right. That's true. We do sort of have to make the bridge to have the helm on right. I'm: Sure. Okay, fine.
Kate: It takes all day.
Timothy Sackton: I am just looking. We can see.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So right, everybody is. Oh, my God!
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: even 44 year olds like planning their imaginary mansions
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): all the more so. Oh, yeah, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, my God, it needs to be a water slide that goes from the top all the way to the bottom, and if you parked the wrong way.
Timothy Sackton: I love that
Timothy Sackton: the
Eric Rosenbaum: So over
Timothy Sackton: over the course of the next day, so Del with is going to scry
Timothy Sackton: well. Being and Kenzo are kind of keeping watch and and making sure nothing sneaks up on the doors who are working
Timothy Sackton: hard at work on deck, building and helm construction.
Timothy Sackton: and it's it's taking shape. Right. You get this nice stone structure that you're going to be able to wrap this
Timothy Sackton: golden silver and gemstone contraption along and attach the
Timothy Sackton: attach the
Timothy Sackton: phasing stone itself. But in the meantime deal with. What do you want to scry?
Mike Sackton: Let's check in on.
Mike Sackton: Let's see
Mike Sackton: a cat most. Maybe I
Mike Sackton: 2 things I'm most curious about is has garage left the city yet.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: So i'll start by scrying a couple of points around Carson.
Timothy Sackton: on as of November 20 fifth. As you scry a few places that are in Carson, and you see a small contingent of works camped. The Orc
Timothy Sackton: port does not seem to be occupied any longer, and there is a
Timothy Sackton: a smallish, maybe 500. So
Timothy Sackton: pork army camped
Timothy Sackton: immediately east of the city. Like they, Haven't started marching, but they are ready to march.
Timothy Sackton: and a couple of points of sorry go around the city
that you see.
Timothy Sackton: like Undead gathering right so like clearly, this is a
Timothy Sackton: the forges have gone silent like 2 weeks ago or 3 weeks ago, early November, when you were scrying. You know there was right
Timothy Sackton: bustling activity. There's a
Timothy Sackton: you know. that
Timothy Sackton: the the stands of preparation. That is, that is gone right? There's No.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: you know this. This: the march is departure is imminent.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So if have I ever successfully scried garage? Or was that always a failure? You've you've not attempted.
Mike Sackton: That's probably wise.
Mike Sackton: So if that's my morning, if that's like 2 or 3 scries in the morning, and i'm not gonna i'm honestly not gonna hesitate too much about
Mike Sackton: like it feels pretty safe here. I don't think i'm going to hold back
Mike Sackton: a slack, so i'll do 2 scries rest an hour. 2 scries rest an hour right
Timothy Sackton: afternoon. I'm going to go after Cosmos. Try and fight again, using the trick of scrying people who aren't Cardnos, who have weaker saves.
Mike Sackton: Try and figure out if we could find where he is.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: So
Mike Sackton: to to be slightly serious, to be a little bit more plot for a moment and note the the layer is important, but we should probably move quickly. Garage is going to be on the move momentarily.
Eric Rosenbaum: The luxury features.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm not a really cool part of this like, because we definitely need to disguise ourselves right so wouldn't it be cool if like, we can like, you know, like like mask ourselves and clouds or storms. We really need over ways to like, you know.
Mike Sackton: man. Maybe i'll have to.
Mike Sackton: There's a spell, I think I I think. What is it? Phantasm?
Mike Sackton: Was it something like train like hallucinery terrain loose in our church or terrain?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice.
Mike Sackton: I don't have it.
Mike Sackton: but I think I can. Yeah, I can learn it.
Timothy Sackton: We're going to need interns. We need like service. It's only a 150 foot cube.
Mike Sackton: How much of this ship. Would that cover?
Timothy Sackton: Not very much because of our 250 feet long?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, 150 foot cube is not a ton of space.
Mike Sackton: Wow! Does it does that? Does that? Does that 150 foot d and D cube have to be
Mike Sackton: a cube.
Mike Sackton: or is it just a 150 feet of cubic volume distributed. However, you'd like.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I don't think it has to be strictly a cube. But if we're just trying to do. A
Mike Sackton: thin layer on the bottom. 100 and 50 cubic feet is pretty big.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now you're talking
Kate: right? Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I mean in Jerry 150 cubic feet should be enough to cover just the bottom of a much larger surface.
That's true.
Kate: math.
Timothy Sackton: but I don't know the spell, so it's completely irrelevant. Right
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you meet. However.
Mike Sackton: when I level up I can change spouse.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice? Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: it's also a
Mike Sackton: well, but it's a pretty broken warlock spell, because I can just cast it every morning, and then short rest. The broken elf warlocks bell, because I could cast it at 4 a. M.
Mike Sackton: Take my 4 to 5, am. Short rest.
Mike Sackton: and then get my slot back, and it lasts 24 h without concentration.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That paid. They'll do that
Mike Sackton: Well, I need to level up to change that.
Timothy Sackton: That'll be useful Once you kill garage and novel up and go to Ersk, where you don't want to be a visible giant skyship flowing, flying over the
Mike Sackton: occupied terrain of the kingdom of the Mages. This actually would be hallucinetic. Trade would be perfect for this right like we could just make the bottom of the airship look like whatever we want it'd be. It would be hard to hide the whole thing when we landed I'd have to do actual math to see how much 150 foot cube.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, you'd have. No, You need like 4 castings to hide the whole thing. This. This is why we need the latter system.
Eric Rosenbaum: We'd still land
Mike Sackton: perfect. Right? We drop the ladders, we don't land.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: slide down the ladders like quarter mile, and the ship just stay in suspension just like flying, hovering, and air.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there a
Mike Sackton: do we? What the ship you don't?
Eric Rosenbaum: You have no idea? I'm. I'm probably going to need to stay on the ship this reasonable point. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: actually, no, you'd only need
Timothy Sackton: You wouldn't need a huge number of castings.
Timothy Sackton: There was 150 feet on every side. That's actually only one casting to cover the entire
Timothy Sackton: volume of the chef
Kate: surface area of the ship.
Timothy Sackton: No, because that's 250 times 60 times 40 is less than 150 cubed.
Kate: Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: if you, if you expand, if you blow out the cube, so you don't fill the interior. Now I don't know if it's if it technically, if the style is supposed to work that way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But well, we can worry about this when you get the spell which you just currently have. So is there. You know we've got all this like gold and silver over time. We're using it like hit. I mean the ship has got an armor class right? Should we like worry about like, Can we like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: bump up the exterior of the ship. Can we like played it, or, you know, make it more.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, what's what are we going to? What's going to crash into it. I mean it's stone
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a dragon.
Eric Rosenbaum: I guess you don't have something
Eric Rosenbaum: with it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's true.
Mike Sackton: I let's not speculate about what's going to crash into it, because it'll just give Tim ideas.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, it's like. But but but if it's like, is it easily fixable like it's just stone right? So like like
Timothy Sackton: Is it easy for for our dwarvin like you guys like fucking? Fix it if, like a giant hole peers in it's like oh, that's just like mold earth and blah blah blah I mean seeing what we've been doing. You know it. Yeah, they They They spent the whole day just creating stone and shaping it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. So we don't really have to worry too much about it. Getting like too fucked up, because we can kind of always repair it. Not while we're falling out of this guy, probably, but I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think if it gets damaged badly enough that we're falling out of the sky, we probably have bigger problems than repairing our ship.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But if it's falling out of the sky, it's just because of the phasing stone thing, it's not because of some like the physics of the shit like there's no I mean, there are masks like this. It it's not like it. It flies because we believe that it's lighter than it it's. It's it's a fucking magic shit. It's not like a yeah right? No, but that that's what the tree in the center of the ship should
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it should be where the mast would be and like that. So yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you guys are going to get this kick. Kenza can kenza like, coax a tree to grow in the middle of the ship.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's the name of the city that has a general. We can't steal the giant tree from the middle of Tokra, who who owns it? It's just a tree.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We have the element of surprise on her. Sorry, Sorry. Let me rephrase here. It's not that we can't we shouldn't? I love our chaotic evil
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fill in this, mastermind, and I like it, guys at some point we just gotta go just full on. Just join forces with the poly on, and just like
Eric Rosenbaum: totally.
Mike Sackton: Do you like the dream episode? What happens if we all turn that? And then we wake up at the end.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That would be kind of fun, actually.
Mike Sackton: No. But in serious. You know what you all can do that when you're in New Hampshire. It's like. I don't enjoy playing evil people. What are you all doing here? I'm like a good person
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: in all seriousness. Now we can. We can and must like. Cultivate a garden in the center of the ship.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, so so that that will be important.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think. Like that. The whole. What about the whole? Because we're not bound. It's not wood. It doesn't have to float like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What if
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): cover the entire deck in like 3 feet of dirt like make the whole deck level could be like natural could be growing and alive. Yeah, yeah, amazing. It'd be amazing. Have like a waterfall like, have a whole like living ecosystem living on the ship. I think that's
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): a beautiful lawn with wild flowers and grass. Yeah.
it will be
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): super advantageous, like for Wellbe to have like a nest of eagles.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We're like, yeah, like a of animals, to be able to be sense and use the scouts and others like the crows. Yes, would have crows in it. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the upper deck being a totally natural, you like an it yeah, I I actually like like a whole whole thing, and then it goes, and then there's like a series of like like kind of spiraling stairs that go down. There's the big tree that goes up through the bottom like
Mike Sackton: from from the very bottom. The tree grows from the bottom all the way up. Exactly. Exactly. I mean that's that's that's that's that big.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I love to like some trees after we're gone there'll just be a giant floating to
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice like
I'll break through cellar.
Timothy Sackton: Well app well. The and Kenzo are deeply engaged in planning the gardens on their flying airship.
Timothy Sackton: Deal with it's crying, and you see.
Timothy Sackton: so you scry on on Hector.
Timothy Sackton: who's writing
Timothy Sackton: together with Antonia, Cadmus
Timothy Sackton: and Cassian, all all of them in a line. You don't see bullet.
Timothy Sackton: They're on horseback
Timothy Sackton: in a
Timothy Sackton: in a dry, arid desert. This is like, you know, in the Garmjala in the like.
Timothy Sackton: you know, close to you know, the it's the type of terrain that's like was just south of like Pava and Avarice and staying house, and
Timothy Sackton: that you've traveled through briefly on your way to Carson.
Timothy Sackton: They are.
Timothy Sackton: They look hot and tired.
Timothy Sackton: Their horses are panting. They're writing slowly. You. You see tracks ahead. Presumably volume is ahead scouting.
Timothy Sackton: They're not. I mean they're They're kind of tramping through the desert Cat most is occasionally looking around
Timothy Sackton: and looks up briefly, and then turns around and says something to
Timothy Sackton: to Cassian.
Timothy Sackton: and then.
Timothy Sackton: oh, wait! You'd be casting it at the right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, how do we protect the ship from being described.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm, tough.
Mike Sackton: There are like non detection shipments. I mean, we gotta get like a powerful mage involved here, too, at some point, because it'd be nice to have like a non detection enchantment. It'd be nice to have like a
Mike Sackton: that's that's hard that we need to like. Fortunately mostly pissed off all of our powerful major allies right like
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): there's that. There is a major
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 2,000 miles to the east that I help. Maybe if we mirror dimension, maybe if we go to Ersk after we go to earth we can go. Find your mage, friend, and see if he'll do some enchantments for us. You know who we have that can do enchantments for us because we haven't we have been in prison very powerful.
Mike Sackton: No; but see chaotic evil again. We can't let loose on to the world an extremely powerful mage, even if she will do a non detection achievement for us.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do we have a genius above.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh.
right.
Mike Sackton: But there's like a 25% chance. It turns on us and tries to kill us right.
Timothy Sackton: But we could take it. Yeah, Anyway, I want to hear what Tim was going to say about the scribe.
Timothy Sackton: and that looks like frustrated, and looks over it at sorry Cassie and Castle spell, and then looks frustrated, and looks over at Cadmus and
shakes his head and cameras, just
Timothy Sackton: puts his finger to his lips, and like hunches down and continues to walk
in silence.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who?
Mike Sackton: How can we harass them through scrying?
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that wise? That's interesting?
Mike Sackton: I don't know if it's wise. But
Mike Sackton: there are we.
Eric Rosenbaum: Bill, they have the to
Mike Sackton: it. Well, I mean he tried to cast the spell magic and it failed.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: and he's annoyed that it failed
Mike Sackton: like they. I mean it. See? Invisible. We'll let you see the scrying sensor right
Timothy Sackton: every time you scryed around Cadmos he seems to be able to see
Mike Sackton: Cat most probably has permanent seeing visibility, and they've got our item. They've got the fucking spinning top that they've played from us, but
Mike Sackton: he he sees it too much too clearly for that right.
Mike Sackton: But the sensor is just invisible, like the scribing sensor is just a silver eye that's floating invisible in the air. If you can see invisible. You can see it right. It's not
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so. My guess is cat Most has some permanent ability to see invisible things, but don't they have our our top Don't they have. So that's the they do.
Timothy Sackton: No, it's not.
Mike Sackton: But we don't see them using it
Mike Sackton: like it's that works sort of okay, in that it spins as long as it's not being observed. But like if you're walking, where do you put the top right
Mike Sackton: like it becomes a little I i'm pretty sure Cadmus can see invisible.
Mike Sackton: So he sees the scrying sensor because it's invisible, but not to him. And then.
Timothy Sackton: you know, like that's our useful information to file away in case you fight him in battle.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: don't count on invisibility
Mike Sackton: or play with the fact that they may not know that we know that he could. Yeah, for cast and visibility. And
Mike Sackton: let them think that. Let them
Mike Sackton: that we think we're visible? Exactly. Yeah, exactly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are you doing any other scrying this afternoon.
Mike Sackton: What do you guys think anything else that we
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is? There? Does anybody have the ability to make clones of themselves or of others.
Eric Rosenbaum: Another spell that I didn't take.
Mike Sackton: I'm really tempted by I was really tempted by it. It lets you make it a a duplicate of yourself.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You should take that, because that would be so. What spell is that
Mike Sackton: What's it? Called Macron's eighth level. Now it's not. No, no, it's something else.
Mike Sackton: I'll i'll find it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It doesn't your duplicate can't do a lot. It's designed for. Yeah, it's it's this for subterfuge. Yeah, exactly. That's what it's for. That that would be like great in this context, right of like, you know, you create a clone. Cadmos can see invisible.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You cast. You know what I mean, Like it's like, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. But again I I can only have so many warlocks. Get so few spells.
Mike Sackton: I'd have to give up other spells that that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Mike Sackton: it's
Mike Sackton: the indeed beyond just being slow. Maybe a bard gets it, too.
Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I've just been watching a lot of naruto, and I wrote this, and I wrote his major move as the Shadow Clown. Very useful. I just make a bunch of clones of himself.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is it Fourth Level?
Timothy Sackton: In any case, maybe it may. I might have imagined the spell. Anyway, there is a spout programmed illusion that
Timothy Sackton: but Warlocks don't get at
Eric Rosenbaum: right. I was investigating that one.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, that's quite useful, but
Timothy Sackton: requires a bit of
Timothy Sackton: work to make work right, because it's a program.
Timothy Sackton: In any case you spend
Timothy Sackton: you spend the day in scry and in
Timothy Sackton: construction, and you get as far as the helm being finished with now only the
Timothy Sackton: with only the
Timothy Sackton: silver and gold wiry thing around a gemstone left to construct.
Timothy Sackton: as you all turn in for sleep.
Timothy Sackton: The next morning is another hot
Eric Rosenbaum: day.
Timothy Sackton: and as the dwarves get set up to begin their construction for the day. and as gal with
Timothy Sackton: consider as what what
Timothy Sackton: you might scry, or what you might seek out what information you might see Guy today, and
Timothy Sackton: Kenzo and and Walby continue to
Timothy Sackton: watch and keep an eye out. Well be, you see.
Timothy Sackton: from the south
Timothy Sackton: a a cloud of dust of somebody, right of a horse riding in your direction.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay. find out. bird, and
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): be sent and get the strings. If I can see more of who it is.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, make an animal handling check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hey? Tim
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is going to take this period of time also to work on his body skills. He's very serious about cultivating a garden on this ship, so he he has to, You know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kind of work with some native soils here starts moving some soil on to the you know it's trying to figure out how to how to get a garden going.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so plenty of birds around this time this season, this time of year lots of
Timothy Sackton: i'm easily able to convince one to come. Eat some seeds out of your hand, and then be sense into it, and fly out.
Timothy Sackton: It's a it's a lone rider.
Timothy Sackton: young youngish woman, maybe
Timothy Sackton: 19 or 20 done, Mari. And as you get closer you actually recognize her. This is a lash.
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Mike Sackton: okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): about about
Timothy Sackton: a mile or so or 2 miles from
Timothy Sackton: where you are camped. As you're flying overhead. As a bird.
Timothy Sackton: She dismounts and whispers something to her horse, and then begins to sort of creep through the grass relatively, slowly and quietly, in this direction.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh. i'll hop on
bye.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): or just go meter.
Timothy Sackton: She okay? So
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): she. She looks up. She sees you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): When I get within earshot. I'll say, hey, eles
Timothy Sackton: she! She looks up, and she
Timothy Sackton: she kind of
Timothy Sackton: startles for a moment as she sees you, and
Timothy Sackton: you know
Timothy Sackton: well be
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Where did all the ray go? What are you doing in these parts? Wow!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's the story. I
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): first on the castle in prison. It it it was. Come, come back, see everybody else. You can bring your horse, too.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm i'm i'm I with you. Wellby, are you? Did you? Or did you go off on your own?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you probably came with right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think I did.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, my soul site les is it? Is this actually a lesh? Yeah, definitely her. She's surprised and delighted and curious and like, Looks up at you and and goes to get a horse, and it's like
Timothy Sackton: I I guess I should have guessed it. It would have been
Timothy Sackton: you 2 here when the rains are gone. I've been wondering about this power for or this place. you know, ever since I
Timothy Sackton: ever since I first
Timothy Sackton: heard the stories of of that
Timothy Sackton: now I can't find in my notes. What if the tower used to be called?
Timothy Sackton: Hold on. you go, Mrs.
Timothy Sackton: That there's too many things that come up when I search Storm Collar tower because it's tagged in like literally half of my notes.
Timothy Sackton: the Tower of the Wild Wind.
Timothy Sackton: I had heard stories about it. It was cursed place of strange magic, but never
Timothy Sackton: a permanent storm. And so when that that was something new and that happened. I didn't think it was a safe place to go. I I guess you are such.
Timothy Sackton: Wow! I mean I don't know that there's anywhere that's dangerous for you.
Timothy Sackton: anyway. I I
Timothy Sackton: was writing past bringing messages letters from from Kara.
Timothy Sackton: and I saw the storm was gone, and I
Timothy Sackton: wow, I I mean I wasn't just going to ride into the open. Who knows what might have been here, but
Timothy Sackton: I
Timothy Sackton: I guess I have to admit I'm not very surprised that it was you. After all.
Timothy Sackton: You know there are stories.
Timothy Sackton: It's called the wild wind that
Timothy Sackton: supposedly that one could jump from the top of the tower, and the winds were so strong one could fly for a mile on the breezes. That true? Did you do that?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We?
It may have been true.
Mike Sackton: Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: I never met anybody who had actually done it.
Timothy Sackton: I've always wondered maybe we should if you looked, you know, maybe a mile from the Tower. Maybe you'd find some
Timothy Sackton: skeletons.
Timothy Sackton: or maybe I get.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you know i'll. I'll telepathically kenzo say to you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and this tricks me, Ken. So maybe we should not bring her back to the flying ship. This
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): she she knows we have a flying ship. All of Dunbar is going to know. We have a flagship.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Me, i'm thinking the same thing. I agree.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why, don't we?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why are we a disposer? She knows too much.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I I agree. I agree well be
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): in
the
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): can we? Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I know you're bearing news, and and wherever you're going
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and catch up without delaying you unduly.
Timothy Sackton: Sure I i'd love to hear what you've been doing these past
Timothy Sackton: months. then
Timothy Sackton: August, September, October. No, but it's been
Timothy Sackton: 4 and a half months since I saw you last in Kara.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's a lot that's happening a little of this little event
Timothy Sackton: when you there's the Alf
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: preparing dinner or out hunting. looking for food.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And what about that
Timothy Sackton: funny little dwarf guy who was always fiddling with Stuff
Timothy Sackton: seeker? What? What? What happened to him.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): as he always does.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What what news do you have? A les
Timothy Sackton: Wow! What! What would you like to hear how there was the ark attack
Timothy Sackton: that was interesting.
Mike Sackton: That was important.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hey? Met again? How how far away can you speak, tell? Can we like telepathically communicate with the rest of the party from this distance. Where are we? Too far away?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think we.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think it's not like
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 120 feet. Yeah, it's like a 100 feet for
Timothy Sackton: for well me
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: got it.
Kate: I mean, if we're really worried about them not coming back over a long time, it might inspire me to send to you. But
Mike Sackton: or I mean deal with presumably. Saw you head off right right.
Eric Rosenbaum: so might probably come to investigate shortly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, here it has this range.
Timothy Sackton: right? So if you had spent 10 min to cast telepathy before you guys left then.
Eric Rosenbaum: but we didn't.
Kate: I thought we were casting telepathy constantly all the time. Yeah, that we're never talking to each other, because yes, that's true. It's crying.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, okay. So we probably have to with the up. I do it every day. Actually, you do do that every day. It's like you. Break up, brush your t if you cast it to love it. It's like part of the morning. It only lasts for an hour, though, so
Timothy Sackton: it's a little. It definitely slows you down quite a bit if you are recasting it every 45 min.
Mike Sackton: because it took us as a ritual spouse. It's a rich, and it's a cast, probably only cast it before we're having important conversations.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't think it's automatically up all the time in this situation, though, for a scouting thing like where we where we see like a horse person riding.
Timothy Sackton: i'll i'll let you. Yes.
Timothy Sackton: you may have forgotten. But tenth level we have a couple of venture is one to forgot the the adventures we're not in in a moment like this. Okay, yeah. So we we explain in telepathy to everybody else that this is a last.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: probably a bad idea to bring her back to the the the ship, and that if you all want to start appearing where we are, then we can all have a group conversation here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But if the doors want to keep building, you know. Keep keep working and deal with can just come.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and we will not reveal the location of the ship or that we have a ship.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that'll also show up after a few minutes. Then
Eric Rosenbaum: Seeker keeps working.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So you didn't catch anything while hunting for our dinner for lunch.
Mike Sackton: salvia.
Mike Sackton: I saw the dust figured i'd check it out this time. Still
Timothy Sackton: Dust thorn horde. That's what they were called the orcs they?
Timothy Sackton: Hmm. I guess you haven't heard that
Timothy Sackton: Augusta helped carn us to the throne by magic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's it?
Timothy Sackton: That's what the dust or an Orc said they tried to attack
Timothy Sackton: came from the east.
Timothy Sackton: I think they were must have been desperate, or something, because
Timothy Sackton: most things
Timothy Sackton: know better than to try and breach cocoon's protection. But
Timothy Sackton: I don't know, since you killed Augata. Maybe they were
Timothy Sackton: hungry or or thirsty, or
Timothy Sackton: something. Anyway, they attacked
Timothy Sackton: didn't, get through Sharpun's magic, but
Timothy Sackton: but a few of them were captured, and and we brought them to. Well, we I say we I wasn't there I was. I guess I am kind of a messenger now. I've been riding back and forth between Carolyn and Sarah's camp for the past 3 months.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: she hasn't
Timothy Sackton: she.
Timothy Sackton: I guess Hasn't heard this news yet, either. This was so recent. One of the things i'm, I'm bringing. Oh, maybe it's it's been spreading like wildfire across the plane. So maybe it's reached her by now.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry! What were they saying, oh, yes, the Dust thorn hord! They!
Timothy Sackton: So they attacked. 2 of them were captured and claimed, when we interrogated them, that
Timothy Sackton: Agata had helped Karnas to the throne
Timothy Sackton: that he was working.
Timothy Sackton: I know if it was for her. but he owed her, anyway.
Timothy Sackton: so
Timothy Sackton: i'm
Timothy Sackton: I don't know it was big news in Kara
Timothy Sackton: can dress them
Timothy Sackton: well, I guess
he wasn't entirely sure.
Timothy Sackton: or son Otto was known for their trustworthiness. But
Timothy Sackton: well.
I guess I would have felt more confident the whole thing. If
Timothy Sackton: if Shakun had spoken more clearly.
Timothy Sackton: centres
Timothy Sackton: L. Drifting in dreams, I guess
Timothy Sackton: Kantosa told me that Shakun spoke to her and said her aunts and uncles are playing a dangerous game.
Timothy Sackton: and that the armies of Carnas and Sara must meet, but not in battle.
Timothy Sackton: or the silence will spread, and Dunmar will be no more.
Timothy Sackton: But like, what does that even mean?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Who said that
Timothy Sackton: centrist of that's what You' to? Well, Kendrosa told me that Cinderella told him that Chicoon told her
Timothy Sackton: that
Timothy Sackton: shakun's, aunts, and uncles are playing a dangerous game.
Timothy Sackton: and that the armies of Carnas and Sera must meet, but not in battle.
Timothy Sackton: Or the silence will spread, and Dunmar will be no more.
Timothy Sackton: But she was also captain of Agata. So like
Timothy Sackton: what does that mean
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Meta-game Chicoons aunts and uncles are the Denmark gods, the 5 siblings.
Okay.
Mike Sackton: Devali. And
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Mike Sackton: I forget all their names.
Mike Sackton: The silence will spread.
Mike Sackton: I'll say this telepathically that's the cloak.
Mike Sackton: This Dunbar will be no more without its gods.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But this is also telepathic. but this is, and telepathic I mean, this is but this isn't this a polyon's game. The the gods
Mike Sackton: and the gods are afraid.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So
Mike Sackton: it's why they're playing a dangerous game, because they're afraid.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What is the game that they're playing.
Mike Sackton: I don't know, but they seem to think this is where we get an army to defeat Crash.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: who seems to think
Mike Sackton: the Denmark gods.
Mike Sackton: Denmark is mobilized. There are 2 major armies on the field.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It can be redirected to garage instead of each other. That's where you get an army to fight garage.
Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: So by preemptively destroying garage, we can actually cause this civil war in your city.
Kate: Yup.
Mike Sackton: Are any of these orcs still
Mike Sackton: in captivity? Do you know.
Timothy Sackton: No, of course not. I mean, who would bother to
Timothy Sackton: take the time and the energy and the scarce food and resources to imprison an Orc.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, I guess maybe I would. Sorry we don't have. We're not rich enough to do that
Timothy Sackton: in your fancy cities with your fancy prisons, I guess. Yeah. although the harvest was pretty good. Actually. I didn't think it was going to be good after that horrible drought.
Timothy Sackton: But the rains came late, but they came, and. like even the ruined fields of Bazuda, produced some
Timothy Sackton: some foods that
Timothy Sackton: flooding with
Timothy Sackton: it's very productive. We had
Timothy Sackton: had a nice.
Timothy Sackton: it was
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it was.
Timothy Sackton: It was good. I was. I was expecting a much leaner season. The antelope art. I'm surprised you didn't catch anything that what? There's antelope all over the place.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You're slipping to like
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: I passed a herd just south of here like 3 miles when I was riding.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, I guess maybe you didn't go that way you You came back because you saw me. Of course that makes sense. I i'm sure you're better better better hunter than I am. No, it's much. It's much more that that deal with hunting skills. Aren't. Quite
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: quite what you might think.
Timothy Sackton: Really, I was. I'm surprised by that ken zone. It's really not surprising They'll but this
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: not quite the hunter that you might have
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): in the rich cities of of of the outlands. He he just doesn't have that sort of experience.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That was Della looks tolerant at first, but when you when you make that crack, well be he like he actually will get a bit pissed. Well, when when, alas! Looks away, will be just this.
Timothy Sackton: She she looks back at her horse. I I I could.
Timothy Sackton: I have some supplies if you need food. Wait! What am I saying? Of course you don't need food.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We have no need of food.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It is
Mike Sackton: certainly not
Mike Sackton: growing up amongst the worst war of 500 years
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is not a simple or safe
Mike Sackton: childhood. and certainly our cities were not rich.
Kate: They were war torn.
Mike Sackton: and the reason you would keep a prisoner longer than one simple day is, because possible, wiser people than you would have questions you would not think to ask them.
Timothy Sackton: Well, he is studiously examining his boots, he kind of backs off. Wow.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I Hmm.
Kate: Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: But of course you're right, of course. I I I I didn't mean.
okay.
Timothy Sackton: you're so.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, and I've seen so much!
Timothy Sackton: I I forget Sometimes you look hardly older than me.
Timothy Sackton: I'm sorry
Mike Sackton: you are forgiven.
Mike Sackton: That was kind of glances that well be too like, yeah. And you, too. But you know I know you're never going to apologize.
Kate: You have nothing to apologize for. A les
Mike Sackton: Kenzel is playing silly games lash. Do not worry.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's just human nature.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, okay.
Kate: she human.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): She is humid
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: us humans
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: unless you bring startling news. How did what is the reaction been to the the news of Carnos.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and I got to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How has what's her name? That the the the sister
Timothy Sackton: he's going to? I Haven't Haven't gotten there yet. I don't know if she's her.
Timothy Sackton: I'm bringing letters from Kandrosa and and Sintra
Timothy Sackton: back Andres and centrist still say that greatest danger is the East. I think that's what the
Timothy Sackton: gods think, or that's what Shakun thinks are.
Mike Sackton: There is an undead army of orcs gathering there.
Timothy Sackton: That sounds bad.
Mike Sackton: They cannot be killed.
Timothy Sackton: That sounds worse.
Mike Sackton: Does Kendras and Centre know of such things.
Timothy Sackton: and that or that can't be Calv.
Mike Sackton: Did we tell them about what we saw in Carson.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, after our fought them. Yeah, right. But
Timothy Sackton: like
Timothy Sackton: the fact that there's that we carved our thought there was like a few 100 orcs right. If there's a big army that would certainly be news.
Mike Sackton: I have been watching them for some time
Mike Sackton: from a fire.
Mike Sackton: They are getting ready to move
Timothy Sackton: towards us.
Mike Sackton: I think they are seeking something in the East.
Timothy Sackton: Everybody is always seeking something.
Mike Sackton: I think they are
Mike Sackton: hoping to be the bearers of the silence
Mike Sackton: Sheikoon spoke of. That will bring an end to that one.
Mike Sackton: Don't know what it is. It's not clear.
Mike Sackton: but that would be my fear if I was at Denmark.
Timothy Sackton: and all of this is
Timothy Sackton: this
Timothy Sackton: well above my.
Timothy Sackton: It's too much for me.
Mike Sackton: Where are you headed to Sarah Next.
Timothy Sackton: Sarah?
Mike Sackton: I'll say telepathically. Should we try and get some people
Mike Sackton: to Kara and meet them there
Mike Sackton: and talk about this?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Should we get some people? Do we get Sarah? Should we ask Sara to go to Kara.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We're a certain out
Mike Sackton: near Tokra
Timothy Sackton: camps north of Tokra.
Mike Sackton: But everything's happening east. I don't want to go west.
Yeah.
Mike Sackton: everything's happening on the border.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sorry Ales, you have. Your Your quest currently is to go to Kara to do what?
Timothy Sackton: No? I'm coming from Carolyn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hmm. Headed to
Timothy Sackton: headed to Sara.
Timothy Sackton: bringing letters. I I rode north to gather news.
Timothy Sackton: and I couldn't help myself. I saw the storm was gone.
Timothy Sackton: They turned and road
to
Timothy Sackton: see what happened.
Timothy Sackton: and I I guess you happened.
Timothy Sackton: But I must continue my journey. I I cannot stay long.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We agree
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: telepathically.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It feels
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we like Peter up and take the letters
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what she so she's she's got letters from
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: who to Who?
Timothy Sackton: From Kara, from Kandrosa and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Central, presumably right, saying that okay, and and saying that they interrogated or and they, you know, right, but also with the big news that I got to is the one that elevated.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. But I don't believe that
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the even if it's true, that would be terrible information for sir, to learn.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, if anything that would tip sort toward attacking
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): rather than united.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we want them to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: do what
Mike Sackton: march East
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: United.
Mike Sackton: Even if just Sarah marched to to start with, that would be a thing right
Mike Sackton: with draw focus. I don't think she'll march her army on our bear. Say so, though.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's an interesting idea, though, if she makes the first move to march East. I mean, that's a
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that sends a message.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It says, actually defending Dunmar is more important. Yeah, than taking the throne of Dunmar.
Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): which makes her more fit to take the throne of Denmark, which means maybe the current holder of that through, and it's more inclined to march. She's also it right if she's marching east to defend the border. He's got to send an army to defend the border, too, or he's clearly not.
Mike Sackton: It. It
Mike Sackton: It works on many levels. I just don't think she'll do it. I don't know how to convince her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We do have a sector of power
Mike Sackton: seeker the moment you've been waiting for.
Timothy Sackton: We have a good excuse. Go do it. No, I'm kidding. Obviously
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): so. Was this
Timothy Sackton: sorry. Who's the current? I'm forgetting the name of the curtain kindness. Karna, says the King, sir, as his sister
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): did Karna say that he was letting essentially letting go of claim to everything east of the River Hara.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe. Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): maybe he doesn't care.
Mike Sackton: He might not
Mike Sackton: right. He might say
Mike Sackton: so. What?
Mike Sackton: At the same time. there's a difference between ignoring some scattered null rating and saying. i'm going to fight an army
Mike Sackton: on the borders of Tokra as opposed to in that I mean, who nobody
Mike Sackton: an army's marching towards it. You don't be like Well, you know it doesn't really matter. It's nicer to fight it in our home cities than out in the desert right like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Indeed, the currently. The army is marching away from them, it is true, but they don't know that.
Mike Sackton: except we just told the last that
Carlos Doesn't know that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we think that garage
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: cadillas and those guys are all headed east because they're trying to get
Mike Sackton: the
Mike Sackton: the the. The the big theory is that the Orcs, who are not war, like
Mike Sackton: the peaceful Orcs, or somewhere in the East, and they are peaceful because their leader has the cloak which silences the gods.
Mike Sackton: because Orcs are warlike because they are basically possessed by their war like God, and can't help being world
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right right?
Mike Sackton: We think garage knows where it is.
Mike Sackton: it has gathered together an undid army of, or an army of, mixed living in dead orcs, but with the convenient power power of making the dead ones who have died in battle.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: living ones who have died in battle into dead ones who fight for him. So it's kind of hard to win well, and then they can never die, because he's got the ring. He just brings them back each night right so like his army shifts as you kill the orcs
Mike Sackton: from mostly living to mostly dead. But it's the same number of army people either way, right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): but
Mike Sackton: and the undet are probably easier. You don't have to feed them right like I mean what happens once he gets the clock
Mike Sackton: while then he comes after us, gets the sceptre, and then gives him to a poly on, and he breaks out and takes over to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But what can you do with the cloak?
Mike Sackton: He can silence the gods, which presumably is bad in the sense that if he can get the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: done, Mari.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's when they can go fuck with Dummar, because exactly he can.
Mike Sackton: How bad would it be for the Psyche of Denmark. If the gods stopped talking to them, it would destroy Denmark.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, not only would it be yeah. It would also be bad for literally the fact that the gods defend their borders. That's what i'm saying, so that that that's the reason why they haven't attacked yet
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so that he needs the cloak
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to to, to to. Yeah, that makes perfect sense. Wow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Also, they are gonna come, crush, crush, cause like, yeah, like, why aren't they coming. Yes. Why, aren't they coming West yet? Okay, that makes more sense.
Mike Sackton: I mean, are they actually in a crushed Denmark? I don't know they might march south. but they'll probably march across Dunbar, working for the scepter and tear the place apart.
What with what
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): everybody in
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): tell us again. the Orcs who came who attacked this was the This was an army. This was a band.
Timothy Sackton: It was no it it wasn't, an I mean I
Timothy Sackton: I don't know if I've ever seen an Orc army. There are
Timothy Sackton: stories of Orc armies
Timothy Sackton: certainly much bigger than
Timothy Sackton: this one was.
Mike Sackton: It's dark times when you see an Orc army, but I fear they're coming for you. A.
Timothy Sackton: Well. this wasn't an Orc army. This was maybe 20 orcs 30, or at most.
Timothy Sackton: and they didn't they they like.
Timothy Sackton: I mean. we could have just let them get lost in the wandering mazes of of Chicoon. But our
Timothy Sackton: wanted to know what they were doing and get information. Nobody has since since Havdar went East and said
Timothy Sackton: works were marshalling outside of
Timothy Sackton: Parson. Everybody has been waiting for someone to come, something to come, but nobody could figure out how they would get past Shakun, and and
Timothy Sackton: I guess we were right. They can't get past Jacques
Timothy Sackton: Great. That's wonderful, although if that's true. Why is Centrist so
Timothy Sackton: consumed with the danger in the East? I don't it doesn't make sense.
Timothy Sackton: and she said, People say she can talk to shakun so like. Did you listen to what we said before?
Timothy Sackton: Weren't you talking telepathically the the bit where I said she, I we don't know what it is. But oh, the silence right You just
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'm sorry I have to go. I have to step away and get a kid down for better. I'll be back in 5.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
right?
Timothy Sackton: Right?
Timothy Sackton: Wow!
Timothy Sackton: These Orcs didn't have any silence with them.
Mike Sackton: Were they
Mike Sackton: do how to get a meta for a minute? Do we know we don't. We know the name of the band of the Orcs who we're working with. I got to.
Timothy Sackton: She had of the same
Mike Sackton: same one. So these are like the remnants of a Gotcha's works. Basically.
Timothy Sackton: exactly.
Mike Sackton: Were they afraid of something? Lesh? Do you know.
Timothy Sackton: you know. I think they were hungry. It's not much food out in the desert.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know how they survived them there.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know what it I mean. Did I got to eat? You met her right like
Timothy Sackton: she lives somewhere in the desert. But
Timothy Sackton: how did she feed all the Orcs?
Timothy Sackton: How did she feed all her visit like? What did she?
Timothy Sackton: How did that even work?
Mike Sackton: She had quite a lot of powerful magic, I would guess.
Mike Sackton: although how she fed
Mike Sackton: a client of works I don't
Mike Sackton: precisely now
Mike Sackton: she is a
Mike Sackton: She was certainly a powerful spirit, face spirit.
Mike Sackton: with abilities to manipulate the world through magic.
Timothy Sackton: They didn't have magic to eat anymore.
Mike Sackton: They certainly don't not with the I got it going.
Timothy Sackton: I seem desperate.
Timothy Sackton: I mean nobody attacks done Mar. Because how can you win
Mike Sackton: silence? She can you in?
Mike Sackton: I got to almost did
Mike Sackton: don't be so sure it can't happen again.
Timothy Sackton: Kind of shutters.
Timothy Sackton: I feel like maybe I should ride
Timothy Sackton: as soon as possible. Then, although I don't know what Sara would do with any of this news.
Timothy Sackton: I guess. Defeat Karnaos as soon as possible, if he's
Timothy Sackton: trying to bring. Listen to what your God, said
Timothy Sackton: the dangers in the East.
Mike Sackton: Sarah must listen to what the gods say.
Timothy Sackton: Make a frustration. Check
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: persuasion, a charisma thing.
Mike Sackton: Yep. 28,
Timothy Sackton: I know, since you wrote a letter to her.
Timothy Sackton: I I will tell her you think it's important.
Mike Sackton: Will she listen to Centr's letter?
Mike Sackton: Do you do you know for a while.
Mike Sackton: We only bet her briefly.
Timothy Sackton: I so she is
Timothy Sackton: hard to know. Well.
Timothy Sackton: I think maybe only half darn does her really. Well.
Mike Sackton: Have you
Timothy Sackton: barely a child when she vanished, and she never.
Timothy Sackton: I mean I heard the stories
Timothy Sackton: she is angry.
Mike Sackton: Have you
Mike Sackton: heard
Mike Sackton: the stories of Havdar? Have you heard about the change recently.
Timothy Sackton: No.
Timothy Sackton: What happened to him?
Timothy Sackton: I heard he was turned to stone, and then turned back again, and
Timothy Sackton: also seem to be very angry. After that
Mike Sackton: it was a curse of August that he was under. It's now broken
Timothy Sackton: of August.
Timothy Sackton: Indirectly it's very powerful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He has.
Mike Sackton: She likes to metal.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that was easy to tell from the stories.
Mike Sackton: I think, she ended up where she deserved, eventually
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: met again. Do we have a way to talk to Sarah?
Mike Sackton: So the ending is pretty. What I mean. It's 25 words right? There's not a lot
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we can't like zoom with her.
Timothy Sackton: You can write or a letter.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Huh?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, Kate suggested, like an hour ago that we write her a letter. I I meant to say yes, we should probably do that. But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the other thing we could do. I don't know if we should, but it's something, considering we could give her a we could give her one of our message stones.
Mike Sackton: We could.
Timothy Sackton: Then you could talk to her.
Mike Sackton: That's actually a good idea. We should do that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: because we haven't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we don't really need to use this anymore. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And it would be a show of faith. It would be it. Let's do that it. I think
Mike Sackton: we should do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just don't mention the previous hunter.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, Probably not right.
Mike Sackton: Don't. Mention that there I get this message. Stones there will be like
Mike Sackton: a lash.
Mike Sackton: I know you
Mike Sackton: must be on your way quickly, and I do not want you to delay bringing news to Sarah. But
Mike Sackton: would you pause a moment and take a letter from us as well.
Timothy Sackton: If you can write quickly.
Mike Sackton: and also
Mike Sackton: we have a
Mike Sackton: a
Mike Sackton: a stone here. Deal with gestures for one of the
Mike Sackton: I don't even know who have the message since these days.
Timothy Sackton: Kenzo and and Seeker. I think
Mike Sackton: it's enchanted to allow
Mike Sackton: whoever is holding it to speak with whoever is holding the other one
Mike Sackton: A.
Mike Sackton: We wish you to bring one of these to Sarah, so she can talk with us.
Timothy Sackton: I've heard of that.
Timothy Sackton: It's when I was 16,
Timothy Sackton: 3 years ago somebody found one of them
Timothy Sackton: and said.
Timothy Sackton: it's a magic stone.
Timothy Sackton: but we never knew. Nobody ever knew what to do with it.
Timothy Sackton: I guess it makes total sense. They come in pairs once.
Timothy Sackton: Now I remember once
Timothy Sackton: it was funny because I wasn't supposed to be listening in.
Timothy Sackton: You know ickram right. He had the in. Now he has a better end. It's very nice. You should come visit much bigger.
Timothy Sackton: In fact.
Timothy Sackton: Kenza, there was even a a
Timothy Sackton: yeah clack over the bar
Timothy Sackton: in in memory or in not memory, in honor of
Timothy Sackton: of you and your friends for saving Kara.
Timothy Sackton: So he's. He spent a lot of effort on his new on his new caravan. Right? It's it's it's quite fancy it's. It's all beautiful sandstone, and it still needs some work to like polish it up. The furnishing is still
Timothy Sackton: sorry. What was they saying? Oh.
Timothy Sackton: right, the message is done. So the
Timothy Sackton: there was some strange words that came out of it one night
Timothy Sackton: some language nobody knew, and
Timothy Sackton: tossed it in the oasis in a well.
Timothy Sackton: but maybe somebody else had the other end and was speaking into it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you know what that's now?
Timothy Sackton: Ikram would now I wasn't supposed to be there. I couldn't threw it in it through it somewhere, he said. Get rid of this and give it to one of his buddies, and rode off and
Timothy Sackton: tossed it in a well, or the desert, or in the oasis, or something like that
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): met again. So so somewhere in Dunbar
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wait met met a game. We got our message stones. They were in the got this layer
Mike Sackton: now a goddamn and henchman we're using them to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So they were on their body when they died.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we don't know these. The one that they're talking about are the same ones or another set. Yeah, we don't know
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's cool.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So why why are we getting? Where are we giving message to this. We're giving one to Sarah, so she can talk to us.
Why?
Mike Sackton: Because their wedding is basically going to say you have to ride east. Call us for questions.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Don't, we have sendings. It wasn't really sufficient for
Timothy Sackton: a conversation.
Mike Sackton: plus, I think it's worth it. I think it's a show a good fit. It it chose. How seriously right like it it!
Mike Sackton: We're obviously not messing around. If we're giving her a powerful magic stone, and honestly, we don't use it that much. We have this telepathy thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The celebrity of a range
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah
Timothy Sackton: Obvious has a range. The spell doesn't have a range, but it only lasts for an hour.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right? What's the difference?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do we all have to be in the same place when it gets cast?
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do we really want to give up the stone.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, that's a good idea. I think we have to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I I mean, like. okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: If we do, it will benefit and also be harmed
Eric Rosenbaum: as with all.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but but met again again. This actually is pretty important, because.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like Sura is the head of like Sara's got 2 choices. She can either go full on civil war with this news, and like attack Carnos, in which case there's dun mar civil war. All the Orcs and mass power in the East come back. Take tent like once they get the cloak.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know, and then, like, just ride rough shot through Denmark.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or if we're able to like, have a diplomatic channel.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: then we might be able to prevent civil war from happening and ideally rally all of Dunbar or the minimum sera to the East, so that they can. They can, you know, kind of prepare, prevent, or protect themselves, because the likelihood that they get the cloak
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: we have the home world dilemma of If we beat garage to the thing, and somehow get the cloak ourselves, all the orcs will become warlike and start killing us. No, we'll just get in our fleshhip, and then we'll track rocks on. Okay, fine, the art will become more like, and we'll destroy a beautiful, peaceful orchestra society and turn them into violent criminals.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well wait, but we have the book so we could we could. We could keep the the orcs from. We could turn all the Orcs good by by protecting. I think we're gonna have very mixed feelings as a group with with several many godlike people as sorry people who are close to their gods
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: being like cut off from the gods. How is Kevin? Get a feel about being totally cut off? The gods as risen. Get a feel about it. First of all, we don't know how this cloak works like. Is it just all like all God's user connection? No, it's not. I think it probably is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, because it. Why? Why is it that only the Orcs over there are like are like I are
Mike Sackton: because they're within the sphere of influence. Okay, so is it like that? That's the thing. Is it like an area of influence? Because that may be, I don't know. I don't know. We we have to find out we have to.
Kate: Is it going to influence us if it's in our part of a whole.
Mike Sackton: and maybe not. But all I'm saying is, if we're trying to use it, to keep the Orcs
Mike Sackton: from turning back under influence to their god. It's probably going to keep us from being influenced by our gods, which one maybe it's. By God, maybe you have to like baby. I can pray to the the the cloak, and you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like we don't want that we'll have to play with. We don't we don't know we don't know it's just sort of like the experiments that we should be running with the scepter. I am now increasingly on seekers side that we should be running. Wait, we'll be still on the right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is, do not give it to these. This is a classic dual use, like moment, like we must create the viruses to see what they can do, so that we can ourselves from them. We must experiment and make the viruses.
Eric Rosenbaum: and then they will get out so that we can protect ourselves from the ais. Okay, keeping us slightly on track a little bit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This meta- conversation is important because it it's it's it's like whether we give the stone anyways My point is just we should. I? I. I am leaning that we do give the stone because we need to. We need to keep Sura from from going civil war.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If we, if there's anything we can do to keep sorrow from going civil war.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we should. Yeah, we should. It's worth a risk.
Mike Sackton: right? We got to roll the dice here and take a chance
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like the thing that we lose is like. We already have ways to communicate with each other like multiple ways to communicate with each other. We haven't used the stones on like forever. We haven't used that in a long time. So
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): no agreed. But I think there's also a question of like is that is, that can be sufficient like. Do we need to go have a conversation with her in person Like
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): is her distrust of
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like he? Is she going to be stressful of magical communication? As
Eric Rosenbaum: there you go
Mike Sackton: right
Mike Sackton: like. Let's send a lash. It'll take Well, how long? I'll ask how long it'll take her to get to serve from here couple of days.
Timothy Sackton: 3, 4 days with good weather
Mike Sackton: here, so we'll we'll write a letter right? I mean deal with a write a quick letter.
Mike Sackton: not going to put a lot in it, but basically
Mike Sackton: a as persuasive as he could be in words right, although I guess we could collap. I don't know if there's other people are more persuasive at that writing than Dell with this. But
Mike Sackton: and to say, basically
Mike Sackton: you know.
Mike Sackton: I think we should say. what does
Mike Sackton: where we think there's a significant danger growing in the East, and we think that
Mike Sackton: this Orkish army is looking for a way
Mike Sackton: is seeking a way through the Shakun's protection.
Mike Sackton: and I think we should say that she owes us right. I mean
Mike Sackton: she does o us. We did save her wife.
Mike Sackton: and that I mean she wrote us a whole letter, saying, You know anybody who
Mike Sackton: these these people do, whatever they say, because they're awesome.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: Obviously we won't be like dude, you OS you you have to repay, but like gently remind that
Mike Sackton: you know
Mike Sackton: we're not just random strangers, and we've always had Denmark's best interests in mind. Yeah, and and what we want her to, I think
Mike Sackton: we want to say some way or something like we. You know we really think it would be the best in the interest of Denmark to march immediately to the East.
Mike Sackton: even way out a little bit the whole theory that look. If you're going to be the ruler of Dunmar, you have to protect Denmark. and if Carnas isn't going to protect Dan Mar, he doesn't, deserve to be the ruler, and this is a chance to prove it
Mike Sackton: right, and then give her the stone and say, Look, we we
Mike Sackton: we.
Mike Sackton: We need our heading east, but if you have questions.
Mike Sackton: you can talk to us over this stone. We we. we welcome your thoughts.
Mike Sackton: and and then, if it's total silence for a week, or if
Mike Sackton: if she calls us up on the stone to say, i'm not listening to you.
Mike Sackton: we fly to toker in a in a giants cloud castle and see if it changes your mind.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm.
Mike Sackton: Gives us a few days to get this thing flying.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and if she doesn't march her army East if she's not willing to march her arbor east, send Havar or herself
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: East
Mike Sackton: east. Yeah. Meet us in Kara right like we we are heading east, the letter would say, like we are heading east to see what is going on in the East.
Mike Sackton: Right again. We don't want to like.
Mike Sackton: be like total braggarts, and be like Dude, where the people who have saved Denmark 4 times You have to like, believe us, but we could hint generate that we've already done more twice. Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Timothy Sackton: I get where you're going with us.
Kate: So all right. That was a lovely drafted letter. Thank you.
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: you draft the ladder. You give this and the yeah, yeah, everybody signs that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: she prepares to ride. I signed a tens of son of Denmark
Timothy Sackton: after a after a brief lunch
Timothy Sackton: she bids you all farewell. and she
Timothy Sackton: takes, gets mounts and and heads off. galloping to the west.
Timothy Sackton: heading for
Timothy Sackton: Sarah's camp, which is, which is, you know, about a 100 miles. It's about 80 miles north of Tokra.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: And you see her trail vanishing into the distance as she.
Timothy Sackton: as she departs with your letter and sending stone.
Timothy Sackton: Meanwhile
Timothy Sackton: the dwarfs are working on the
Timothy Sackton: called
Kate: silver wire gems.
Timothy Sackton: So this is a little bit complicated, because it is.
Timothy Sackton: I think it is bigger and more intricate than what can be straightforwardly crafted by fabricate.
Kate: We basically made ourselves some like spools of
Kate: golden silver wire and are sort of
Timothy Sackton: okay.
Timothy Sackton: so you can convert gold to your converting gold to wire with fabricate and then
Timothy Sackton: feeding it with your tools and jewelers tools and beginning to shape it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so that so you've converted something like
Timothy Sackton: £10 each of gold and silver, which is about.
Timothy Sackton: say, about that. You know it's about it's only that's only like 800 Gp. Total, or something like that.
Timothy Sackton: 500. It's it. It would be all i'll say. It would be about 8. It would be about 800 gold pieces and 800 silver pieces.
Kate: all right.
Timothy Sackton: and then you've picked one of your gemstones. You have a preference as to which Gemstone.
Mike Sackton: I think I got this diamond. but i'll leave it to the dwarves.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I got. This diamond
Mike Sackton: is the gemstone we should use for this.
Timothy Sackton: The only reason not to use I got this diamond is, if you have it's a resurrection stone. Raise somebody from the dead
Timothy Sackton: that you can also mean the same diamond.
Kate: If the
Kate: emerald is just as gorgeous, and we're all about our like green growing ship.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's a that's a better idea. I like that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I like that that the the diamond is kind of evil.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know, and we're kind of evil. So
Timothy Sackton: in the mirror it was.
Timothy Sackton: it was given to Agata to use to raise somebody's child who had died, and then she refused it, or she claimed the spell failed, and she just took the diamond.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so it's kind of
Timothy Sackton: it is kind of dark.
Timothy Sackton: but but unfortunately would never
Timothy Sackton: claim to attempt to raise somebody from the dead, and then just abscond with the diamond.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Rizmann played a long con. Oh, boy, yeah. But emerald
Timothy Sackton: from Grimbus calls horn from the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: nice!
Mike Sackton: That's a better. I i'm. I'm very much on board with Kate's suggestion. Let's let's let's do it
Eric Rosenbaum: good. So
Timothy Sackton: make a another
Timothy Sackton: d 20, plus
Timothy Sackton: with or plus wisdom plus proficiency. Check, but with advantage, because I assume Seeker is helping on this as well.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Kate: just cannot roll tonight.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, Your progress today is slow. The design is complicated
Timothy Sackton: you get.
Timothy Sackton: You get part way there like you've got You've got it sort of initially shaped, but like did not make nearly as much progress over the course of the day, as you hoped, and
Timothy Sackton: you know, at this rate it's going to take 3 or 4 more days to get this thing shaped, although hopefully the morning will be better.
Kate: They roll for the morning.
Timothy Sackton: Is there anything else anybody wants to do?
Timothy Sackton: I mean over the next couple of days you're basically just trying to get the ship to fly.
Timothy Sackton: But if there's anything else
Kate: did we ever follow up on wanting research done by people and doing all those sendings
Timothy Sackton: that
Mike Sackton: yeah, what happened? We should we should do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't remember what we wanted research done on, though. Yes, we asked a whole bunch of stuff like the Denmark. We wanted to learn all that like drank core, and, like the Denmark gods, we asked a whole bunch of questions.
Kate: and
Kate: the rule of
Kate: Mummy guy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hey, K. A mummy guy that that's the social media's at mummy Guy.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: At mummy artifacts of a poly on how do they work, and how can they be destroyed?
Timothy Sackton: Ominous Purea history, power? Right? Yeah. Great.
Eric Rosenbaum: What kind of spouse or do you use to hide or reveal invisible magic writing. Those are the 3 things you've got in your research topics.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is just what you wrote down. I don't know what else you want to know. Where's that? What's the invisible writing thing about? I don't remember that one.
Timothy Sackton: The presumably that's the
Timothy Sackton: that little handbook of the a cult to lud them is like somebody was clearly reading it with magic. But it there's no words in it right now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: I I would like to learn about that, because whatever is in there is interesting.
Kate: So am I sending to Seeker's friend?
Kate: Is that you decided we're sending to. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good. I thought we had a more a bigger list with more stuff. Where's the you put in the in the chat, Tim? The link to this?
Timothy Sackton: This is just Seeker's Journal. I'm. Just reading what's in there.
Timothy Sackton: I do not take notes on what you discuss internally among yourselves as to what you kind of research there's a limit to how much I can do. No, no, I'm just saying I I thought I thought that we made a list of the stuff that we wanted.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, you've got a bunch of stuff and questions for Craigar that maybe you also wanted to research.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, let's just add a few more things here. So this is like a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: complete history of drank or
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: complete. This is strong for you. Oh, I thought you said in brief history. No, i'm going to say complete unabridged.
Timothy Sackton: Wait no. But seriously, we apologize. Was the last drank. Orion Emperor. Right? Yeah.
Kate: And are we arranged so
Kate: this joking.
Kate: tied in with the joke about the complete and abridged history.
Kate: Are we like accepting a paper letter delivered to us over the course of a long time? Or are we doing the like
Mike Sackton: we're going to? We're going to suggest this time. Yeah, it's a scri time we're saying, hey?
Mike Sackton: At this point in you know, at this this time
Mike Sackton: we're going to scry. You show us what you have.
Kate: Okay, look. that's the system we're putting in place.
Kate: What else? Questions?
Kate: Well, they're 25 words. Sense. So how about I start with the ones that we've already come with. And then the next couple of nights what we're working we can do some more.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right. Sounds good.
Timothy Sackton: but you're sending to
Kate: the charming old dwarf who lives in Chardon.
Kate: and would love to just do a bunch of research for people who caused the big stir. Well, they were in town.
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: okay.
Timothy Sackton: And what is your message?
Kate: Something
Kate: tactfully about how like we need information? And he's got such
Kate: skills and access to knowledge, and but you know, keep a brief.
Kate: and we'd like to know about
Kate: the drink Korean Empire. And
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think the first questions are good. The artifacts of a poly on how they work
Kate: scrying him at a certain time. and if I can fit all that into 25 words, then you know, the first question is
Kate: but it.
Kate: you know. What can you find out about the artifacts of the Apollon's magical
Kate: controls. and when what time do you want to suggest.
Kate: There was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know, at least a week.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, probably a week from now at sunset.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: resident. Make a persuasion. Check
Kate: that persecution check
Kate: 24.
Timothy Sackton: So you send this message. It's
Timothy Sackton: It's quite abbreviated. Given the 25 words. and
Timothy Sackton: you get you get back.
Timothy Sackton: I'm not going to like Try and count out the words, because that would take too long. But basically
Timothy Sackton: well.
Timothy Sackton: so a lot you're asking and
Timothy Sackton: scrying.
Timothy Sackton: But I
Timothy Sackton: I can gather some research.
Timothy Sackton: A: I'll look into it as best I can.
Timothy Sackton: You caused quite a stir.
Timothy Sackton: Your friends
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you wait. Who are we at? Who are we as traveling with them?
Mike Sackton: The dwarf
Kate: here's your friend, and
Timothy Sackton: the one who wrote the book about the planes seeker claimed he was going to the fay. Well, he owes me
Timothy Sackton: the olf guard. Yeah. A rock from there, I believe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hold on really quick! Who didn't? We already have somebody that was doing research for us that was like willingly doing it, and we had had already done research for us.
Kate: Well, yeah, that's
Timothy Sackton: oh, yeah, you had not in Charton you had.
Timothy Sackton: We had the guy down here at the at the token. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Kate: yeah. But we thought Govir wouldn't have access to nearly as the right kind of information in the Tocra archives compared to the Chardon.
Kate: That's why we're asking. Okay, the drink Korean Empire Didn't really seem like a toker Archives kind of question.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or did we ask? And they just didn't have it.
Kate: No, we didn't ask. I mean I could ask him to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, and we asked the dude that already did the did this stuff for us first. See? When
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Kate: yeah, see what they can try. I mean, I can do a bunch of sendings like, right? Yeah, we could do 2 sendings right.
Mike Sackton: and there's no harm in asking both of them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's do that.
Kate: Yep. We double up.
Timothy Sackton: So you ask over here same thing, basically same thing. Basically make a persuasion check for him to he's much easier. We put 2 separate Zoom Meetings, though. So it's like, yeah, definitely book 2 separate Zoom Meetings.
Kate: That was the perception check. Sorry
Kate: it starts with a P.
Kate: All right. 21 for go here
Timothy Sackton: he's he's i'm not sure that there's much about. I mean the yeah token archives as you.
Timothy Sackton: No, from having been there are primarily the lake primary documents of the
Timothy Sackton: of the dunmari
Timothy Sackton: kings from the post-great war period.
Timothy Sackton: so he's pretty skeptical that there's much he can dig up about
Timothy Sackton: rank or in the archives. But, on the other hand, he did find mention of the
Kate: mantle of the cloak of protection, and that's how you learned it was in the East in the first place. So
Timothy Sackton: he says, i'll look. It could take some time.
Timothy Sackton: Can you check in in a week and see if I found anything?
Kate: Yeah. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So that ends your sending messages.
Timothy Sackton: And as you again rest, and over the course of the next day continue to make progress on the wire potentially scry. If you'd like to
Timothy Sackton: anything else. why, to give you the opportunity to do what you want to do, but also figure
Timothy Sackton: we don't need to role, play out every moment. Yeah, 2 days. So I think that's the main.
Mike Sackton: I can't think of anything else except anxiously awaits, or as response, and get the ship flying so that we can.
Timothy Sackton: so that is gonna be so make another make another Wendy 20 plus 9, with advantage as well.
Kate: That's my everybody.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, i'll take the 19. The with seekers help
Timothy Sackton: over the course of
Timothy Sackton: the next
Timothy Sackton: day you're able to nearly complete the
Timothy Sackton: apparatus it looks, it's glinting in the sun as the sun begins to sat over the course of the day. It's like nicely all
Timothy Sackton: wrapped up. It's
Timothy Sackton: there's still the attachment of the there's still the like gemstone focus and the like place where the
Timothy Sackton: the phasing stone connects that you'll need to finish. But you're pretty confident that you can finish that
Timothy Sackton: the next
Timothy Sackton: in the next day or so, and hopefully
Timothy Sackton: in a couple of days from now the ship can be flying.
Timothy Sackton: So you go to rest to sleep after a day of work in a day of
Timothy Sackton: I mean. There's still some work to do on the like getting the
Timothy Sackton: decks all nice, and things which you know seeker's been working on to.
Kate: Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: And as you go to sleep the night of the November 20, seventh.
Timothy Sackton: 3 days after you.
Timothy Sackton: 4 days after you returned.
Timothy Sackton: Let's see.
Mike Sackton: I will check in by the way on. I'm going to. I'm going to just
Mike Sackton: if we're just hanging around I will scry
Mike Sackton: both. I will just scribe both cat most more, just to annoy him. I don't actually expect to learn anything.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: but just I want them to feel watched, right? I don't want them to feel.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How do we? How do we? How do we?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I guess we're speaking to L. But tell back to each other all time. So
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: and it's expensive. I mean, he's not a war walk right kind of. I don't think there's any warwalks in that group
Mike Sackton: unless you're a warlock with scry like he can't do it often. He could use his Fifth Level spells, but he's not going to want to burn it.
Mike Sackton: and I also just want to check up on Josh right like just to see if they've started. Michael, pick one of those Orc encampments right, and just try. And
Timothy Sackton: so it moved out on the on the
Timothy Sackton: on the 20 seventh. The Orcs begin to march
Timothy Sackton: that
Timothy Sackton: evening.
Timothy Sackton: Late afternoon they set march to the east.
Timothy Sackton: There's probably, you know, 2 or 3 solid columns of orcs marching past, probably
Timothy Sackton: 600 orcs in total, all
Timothy Sackton: looking like heavily armor, heavily armed, skilled warriors, and trailing behind them. There's probably
Timothy Sackton: a 1,000 Undead.
Timothy Sackton: some like orcs, orkish, zombie types, but also some skeletons
Timothy Sackton: that look. you know.
Timothy Sackton: much older. and some like even sort of shade, like creatures that are almost drifting
Timothy Sackton: in in corporeally across the ground.
Timothy Sackton: And then.
Timothy Sackton: as you. as you watch, you see writing. carrying his glave on a a a very large skeletal war horse
Timothy Sackton: is garage himself in the rear. surrounded by like a failings. Of 8 of these specter-like creatures, these shades that seem to be floating around him.
Timothy Sackton: and he
Timothy Sackton: slowly begins to ride out of the encampment out of the city. and presses forward, heading to the east.
Timothy Sackton: leading well. he's in the back. But the army.
Timothy Sackton: his army, heading.
Timothy Sackton: heading out of Carson. Now
Timothy Sackton: the Cadmos and Company are still traveling through
Timothy Sackton: the desert
Timothy Sackton: today. When you scry on them in the morning. just 30 s after you begin to scry.
Timothy Sackton: your image goes blank and your scrying sensor vanishes.
Mike Sackton: Let's do it again.
Mike Sackton: Why not? I don't know. Maybe
Mike Sackton: Maybe they'll make they be able to make their saves or something, but just on the off chance of.
Mike Sackton: But yeah, just trying to make them feel like there's somebody powerful poking around, even if he knows it's us.
Kate: I truly believe in nuisance crying
Timothy Sackton: So the sensor appears again.
Timothy Sackton: Cadmus looks looks back at Cassian, and then looks at Hector, who is your main Scry target, who is. you know, completely unaware, right?
Timothy Sackton: And and he just he just stops. stops riding.
Timothy Sackton: and he looks back at Cassian and and Cassian kind of
Timothy Sackton: shrugs his shoulders a little bit, and
Timothy Sackton: and you know
Timothy Sackton: kind of gives a little bit of a smirk.
Timothy Sackton: and Cadmus takes out
Timothy Sackton: a buck and opens it up and and takes a quill and starts writing. And he writes.
Timothy Sackton: I can see you, too, you know.
Timothy Sackton: holds it up in the air.
Mike Sackton: I'll smile at him. I'll take my start out.
Mike Sackton: Point to that. Point it out. You know what
Mike Sackton: i'm gonna i'm gonna get the invisible.
Mike Sackton: Can he actually see us? Is there a sense in our end?
Timothy Sackton: Not at this moment?
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So as the day passes. the airship is nearly done
Timothy Sackton: as night falls.
Timothy Sackton: Eric
Timothy Sackton: seekers asleep. Can you can seeker make a wisdom saving trow?
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm. Oh, no.
Eric Rosenbaum: it was only a little bit as
Eric Rosenbaum: sixteenth.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: So you all. You all sleep. You're doing your normal.
Timothy Sackton: your normal watch
Timothy Sackton: in the middle of the night seeker. You
Timothy Sackton: have a vivid dream
Timothy Sackton: of a a shadowy
Timothy Sackton: man with a cloak with purple, just purple dots of light for eyes.
Timothy Sackton: a cloak covering his hood, trailing down, turning into shadows.
Timothy Sackton: dogs shadowy dogs around his feet barking.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: he turns, and he looks at you.
Timothy Sackton: and he says.
Timothy Sackton: I am coming for you.
Timothy Sackton: and the dream ends
Eric Rosenbaum: well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Who said that?
Eric Rosenbaum: Who has purple dots of light for eyes
Kate: so like klight obsessed.
Kate: there was a daylight created
Kate: hunting people right? Maybe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, is it volume?
Timothy Sackton: No, it's not a poly on
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's the same shadow creature you fought in. Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's the foul Star Shadow Creepy: oh, the
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): is the cake
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we you succeeded in the 9.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't. How do we? How do we? So they know that we have a flying ship now, right
Mike Sackton: probably.
Kate: I mean, they know
Kate: they know that we're making like.
Kate: I mean, they don't necessarily.
Kate: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: nothing has flown yet. It's worth noting. It's true. Nothing has flown yet.
Kate: We looked like a couple of dwarves decorating some rocks with some stones, and
Kate: and that
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it's not going to be that that hard to put together, though especially once it is, in fact. Fine.
Kate: Well, yeah, that part will be kind of definitive.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. The next morning
Timothy Sackton: you
Timothy Sackton: managed to get all the pieces together.
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: phasing stone connects to this focus mechanism.
Timothy Sackton: Everything clicks together.
Timothy Sackton: and by
Timothy Sackton: late afternoon, as the doors have worked for most of the day, just to like, get all the pieces together you.
Timothy Sackton: You get
Timothy Sackton: as the as you put as you place the this final piece that holds the phasing stone into this apparatus suddenly seeker you can.
Timothy Sackton: You can feel the entire ship
Timothy Sackton: just like it almost feels like this, like your eyes could be looking out in any direction of the ship like it's almost like.
Timothy Sackton: You almost feel as if you are the ship.
Timothy Sackton: and you sort of
Timothy Sackton: whoa for a minute.
Timothy Sackton: and and it
Timothy Sackton: it's gonna take a little bit of you probably can't take off tonight. It's gonna take a bit of practice to be able to get this into the air
Timothy Sackton: a little bit of like
Timothy Sackton: experimentation. But you do learn a few things. One is. It's relatively easy to get it
Timothy Sackton: like Lift you. You manage. The first thing you manage to do is just to get the whole thing to float
Timothy Sackton: about 6 inches off the ground. Awesome
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: a feast. It feels like
Timothy Sackton: like you have to imagine
Timothy Sackton: your own body as being as floating. and that brings the ship up.
Timothy Sackton: What's the strangest is that you can. Well, you're concentrating, so this requires concentration, so you can't cast concentration spells while you're flying the ship. If you take lots of damage, it won't it. Doesn't immediately. Crash!
Timothy Sackton: But you'll lose control of it if you lose concentration, and it'll start gradually floating to the ground.
Timothy Sackton: But while you're concentrating on flying the ship you are, you can see from any your gaze can be as if it's coming from any spot on the ship.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we're we're going to build like a heavily reinforced stone box for me to pile it from inside it.
Timothy Sackton: Yep. I mean you could be. You could be in a in an enclosed stone room.
Timothy Sackton: because you can see, like your perception is not limited by what Seeker can actually see that's cool.
Mike Sackton: He's like.
Mike Sackton: feel like You're the ship. Yeah, cool. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You think that once you once you have, you know a day to practice. You'll be able to fly, you know, at least 10 miles per hour.
Timothy Sackton: and you can probably. in a pinch.
Timothy Sackton: make it go faster up to 20 miles an hour, but not for a super long time. Right like it's a horse gal. It's like a horse galloping like you can't sustain
Timothy Sackton: 20 miles an hour for hours and hours at a time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hey? Question: what can any of us learn how to do this?
Eric Rosenbaum: In principle? You probably could. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: it requires It requires being attuned to the stone, so you can't
Eric Rosenbaum: into switch drivers and you can't switch drivers very easily. You can't
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you? You sort of have to land to switch drivers right? Yeah, that's like pulling over a car. You got to pull over the car, so i'm just saying it. Yeah, it's like pulling over a car and like it probably takes a couple. It takes some time, right, and also a new you'd have to. You'd have to practice right like you wouldn't
Timothy Sackton: in order to control it like Steeker is going to have to spend about a day kind of
Timothy Sackton: learning how it works right. I'm just saying that Kenza also wants to know how to fly that if anybody can fly it, we should have a yeah. Kenza can definitely fly it.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, yeah. So anyone can spend basically. If you but if you spend a day attuned to the airship practicing, you can learn to fly
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and you park it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, do we have to lay every time secret
Timothy Sackton: you can. You can. You can ink. It can drift slowly like you can anchor it. Basically it doesn't crash. If you lose concentration, it just doesn't it'll be blown. It might be blown by the winds, because it's still
Timothy Sackton: like a cloud. So if you it's like anchoring a ship right, if you
Timothy Sackton: you know. If there's a strong wind blowing and you all go to sleep, you might wake up and find yourself 20 miles away from where you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right right. But this is also. It's like if we're, if we really need to like, travel someplace as fast as we can, and fly 24 h a day. We want multiple people that know how to fly it, so that, like multiple people, yeah, you'd still have to land and spend an hour to switch a tunement and then take off again.
Timothy Sackton: Can't we just do the drifting thing? Can we anchor it, and then like, let somebody else just take it over.
Timothy Sackton: No, if nobody is attuned, if seeker dies well, he's flying it, then it crashes. If nobody is attuned to the phasing stone right? The ship will not stay in the air. How long does it take to a to an hour an hour? Oh, but you could fly for 22 h a day. If you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: somebody flies for 10 h, you land, you switch a tunement. You take I bet I bet if we if we like, really practiced, we could make it a smooth transition like we can make it like a, you know. Like it's it's sort of like prospecting a song. You know what I mean. You kinda like, you know, like as one person's like, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Seriously, because it's like it's like, If you kind of imagine. Like the different layers of the control, it's like slowly, like having some one person release the concentration of that part, while the other person takes over the concentration of that, you know. So it's like, you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right May. Possibly, you know. Possibly if you've that's advanced that's advanced. You gotta like, do it. We'd have to like, really, really like, you know, when when we build Helm V: 2:
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, the so the basic rules are yeah, 10 miles an hour you need to concentrate, to make it move. You need to be an attuned person needs to be aboard the ship to keep it in the sky.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: See. But see, this is the thing. It's like. The more advanced version of this, like the the really advanced versions of this, like later later or not, even that far later, maybe like next phase later.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is where, when multiple people can attune to the ship. And then there's like the gunner person that's like a tuning to like the dropping that the bombs and the aerial attack ship. There's like the Force field person that's like shifting around the things so like the block against the stuff, and then, like, you know.
Mike Sackton: if it's 10 miles an hour, it's only 18 h to get to. What we really need is to get a good supply of like speed or something like that, so the secret can just, you know, keep going right like trucker, like, you know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So you only need to sleep barely at all.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, Della should learn to fly it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You should all learn how to sleep 4 h a night, right? So it's not. I mean
Timothy Sackton: it's not.
Timothy Sackton: It's not quite as simple as that right because it does it's not. It does take effort to keep it moving. It's concentrating on something.
Timothy Sackton: so you can push yourself. But you know
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: potentially with the cost. Yeah, so this is the thing. I think there's like what Kenzo, when Kenzo should fly. The ship is for not endurance reasons. It's like if we're actually needing to like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like like be acrobatic and fucking maneuver our way through like a asteroid field or something like that. Right? That's what Kenzel wants like Kenza is going to attune to the ship, and like the one with the ship, and like fucking like, do some crazy acrobatic shit
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that that's like that. That's the kenza use case.
Eric Rosenbaum: We do need to fly it straight up to see what happens.
Mike Sackton: I'm just saying it's honestly to get. Have we heard from Sarah
Timothy Sackton: Still, probably a lash. If a lash was moving
Timothy Sackton: as fast as possible, she might be getting there like tonight.
Mike Sackton: I think we should start flying.
Mike Sackton: I mean, what are we waiting for?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Find this?
Mike Sackton: I was just looking at the map.
Timothy Sackton: Where did the map go? I I appreciate it. You still need You still need tomorrow to for secret a lake.
Mike Sackton: So the basic rules are. You need to be attuned to it for a day in order to learn how to control that it's 290 miles to Carson
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right, and it's.
Mike Sackton: and it's a 100. It's probably about 180 miles to wear a western to where it is
Mike Sackton: right. but there they so the first
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 60 miles or or so are about the same
Mike Sackton: I now, but they're both south of us.
Mike Sackton: right, so we can go like we. We go south. I think we go straight south.
Mike Sackton: Right, King. Like is part of learning to fly it. Can we like go a little bit south
Mike Sackton: like we're flying in circle 5 miles.
Mike Sackton: Can we move southwards slightly? It doesn't really matter. It doesn't matter.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I think you know the half an hour that that would save you is not? Yeah, it doesn't matter.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, it's 600 miles to the mystery. Orcs X: right, Carson. That's like. and once we're out past the river, it's like we fly high and up above and
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Mike Sackton: right.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, we could probably go a 100 miles a day with no particular issue. Right 100 miles a day would be easy, and if we push it
Timothy Sackton: 120 miles a day would probably be
Timothy Sackton: not too risky. Right! Go at flying it for more than 12 h is when you start to write.
Mike Sackton: So we really need a second. I mean, that's where we need a second person, because then we could do 2 shifts
Mike Sackton: to 10 h shifts.
Mike Sackton: lost the hour to switch, and at evening and dawn basically somebody stays up all night and sleeps during the day
Mike Sackton: we can, and we can cover 250 miles in a day, or 240 miles in the day.
Kate: so we'll earn back our training day in 2 days, right?
Mike Sackton: Right? So you could spend 2 days here. Let's see what happens with Sarah before we do that.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, who's the second Kenza, are you the Are you anxious to fly the ship?
Timothy Sackton: Totally, there's the second pilot.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I think, kids, I should be the second pilot. I'm on board with that seekers already a little protective of everything. It's like You're gonna have to really. It's really hard, guys. You You probably don't have the brain power, kid. So i'm sorry I mean it's just so. Let's learn man, and so immediately barrel wheels like starts doing barrel roles.
Mike Sackton: but it's about what's up here, Kenzo. Not what's here.
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and so just one with the ship.
the
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So you show how covered in rock dust you are.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So November 20 November 20 eighth.
Timothy Sackton: You have the ship
Timothy Sackton: flying. Now you see, seeker, just get it slightly off the air, but it's gonna require some
Timothy Sackton: back and forth, and some time seekers planning tomorrow, spending tomorrow, learning the ropes. and it will be
Timothy Sackton: conceivably you could maybe make a little progress tomorrow
Timothy Sackton: afternoon tomorrow evening.
Timothy Sackton: But really your first late day of travel is going to be
Timothy Sackton: November thirtieth.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: By the way, it's in in these days Kenzo has has started a a a modest garden on the top of the ship. So there is now actually like a little like a little little garden is taking form. Dallas has been working on the kitchen, too. I know there's not much to work with at the moment, but like to the extent
Mike Sackton: we can get
Timothy Sackton: right right right now. Everything's just basically a solid deck with rubble that Hasn't really been well cleared out yet.
Kate: because we want to use it as weapons
Timothy Sackton: right Eventually you can shape it into rooms and stuff. So you're basically just talking about a flat platform right now, right? Okay, so it's more of a camp kitchen that we're setting up. Yeah, and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: get some gardens going right. Get get 1010, 1010. Kenza is gonna grow like fucking like those those like crazy exotic plants from the that's what he's gonna grow. He's. Oh, my God, Dude, this is gonna be my key garden.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: First
Timothy Sackton: Tim, who's on watch at midnight.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Bobby.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sure.
Kate: Well, me.
Timothy Sackton: here's the sound of dogs wolves
Timothy Sackton: howling
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): in the distance.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll! I'll wake everyone up. Hey, guys, this is amazing. They found us. That's so cool. It was just one day after the dream. Maybe we want to like Lift the with the ship up a little bit.
Eric Rosenbaum: And yeah. we're sleeping on the ship. Now, is that yeah.
Mike Sackton: we we have a little camp on the deck right like
Mike Sackton: that was. I mean, there's like a camp kitchen. There's like, you know we got a table
Mike Sackton: for dinners.
Eric Rosenbaum: I take this up. Oh, I mean you haven't had your
Timothy Sackton: day of practice, so I mean you. You can certainly try.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just just taking us up a little a little ways. Okay, Make a make an intelligence, check out the advantage and the part of inspiration.
Mike Sackton: You can't inspire yourself.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can't a diligence. Chick.
Timothy Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: Got this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah. So you got this 22 You're totally fine. It it begins to float up
Timothy Sackton: It it sort of tips up to about a 15 degree angle this way. and begins to sort of turn slightly, but it doesn't crash!
Timothy Sackton: You're sort of trying to get your equilibrium. You're trying to get your balance. It's like
Timothy Sackton: It's like learning to swim right like you're trying to. You're trying to basically just jump into the deep end.
Eric Rosenbaum: trying to keep afloat, and at the moment you're not drowning.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and then
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): go ahead doesn't it as the ship
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): sort of lists a little bit
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): will be shakes his head sort of puzzled at himself like.
and so out loud. But
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): what am I thinking? Let's just go hunting. and an enormous pair of wings sprouts from his back.
and he knocks an arrow and takes off to fly towards the dogs.
Timothy Sackton: Don't go by yourself. We'll be
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kenzo Kenzo jumps into the air. The the ravens whistle starts flying after him.
Mike Sackton: Tell us we'll cast, fly, and fly. After that
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Seeker is alone on the township at a 15 degree angle.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seeker will focus on safely parking the ship.
Mike Sackton: Stay in the air. I don't Remember.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't remember these being able to fly right now unless they can magically transport
Mike Sackton: to wherever you are, but they probably can't fly. You're probably right.
Timothy Sackton: The howl rings out again as you all begin closing on the sound, and everybody needs to make a wisdom saving throw.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm not approaching. Do I need to do the save?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you're within 300 feet
Timothy Sackton: 10, though.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, sorry
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's
Timothy Sackton: wisdom save yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fuck 7.
Timothy Sackton: So the sound cuts through the air the sound of this howl.
Timothy Sackton: Kenzo. And what did everybody else for
Mike Sackton: 13,
Kate: 21.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, just Kenzo!
Timothy Sackton: The sound cuts through you. frightening you. forcing you to turn and flee from this noise.
Timothy Sackton: You turn it and run, as everybody else still begins to approach. And let me just pause here because it's past midnight, and I don't think you necessarily want to start a
Timothy Sackton: battle. Now.
Kate: Yeah, I was kind of wondering about that.
Mike Sackton: It's a nice cliffhanger for the beginning of next session. If that's okay with people.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you can. Kenzo has control of his own mind.
Timothy Sackton: I will do that. Okay, that'll make it clear for the next. Yeah, next time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perfect.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So we stop as Seeker is listing on the ship.
Timothy Sackton: The 4 of you are flying after
Timothy Sackton: the sound of this bang, howling wolf dogs
Timothy Sackton: about 300 feet away.
Timothy Sackton: and you'll find out what happens next time.
Eric Rosenbaum: Awesome
Mike Sackton: golf
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): so cool.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm really psyched about the progress we've made designing the ship guys. I bet.